
[ 01 Telemachus ]

We have grown out of Wilde and paradoxes. A ponderous Saxon. 
 —Yes.
To me it’s all a mockery and beastly. From whom? From the milkwoman or from him. O, my name for you is the best: Kinch, the knife-blade.
Says he found a sweet young thing down there. Now I eat his salt bread. He sprang it open with his thumb and offered it.
Etiquette is etiquette. Why? Because you have the cursed jesuit strain in you, only it’s injected the wrong way. He moved a doll’s head to and fro, the brims of his Panama hat quivering, and began to chant in a quiet happy foolish voice:
We’ll have a glorious drunk to astonish the druidy druids. Secondleg they should be. Photo girl he calls her.
The grub is ready. On me alone. 
 —We’ll owe twopence, he said.
A servant too. I have a lovely pair with a hair stripe, grey. Why? What happened in the name of God?
A birdcage hung in the sunny window of her house when she was a girl. I’m the Übermensch. They halted while Haines surveyed the tower and said at last:
I’m not equal to Thomas Aquinas and the fiftyfive reasons he has made out to prop it up. Come out, Kinch. Buck Mulligan, walking forward again, raised his hands.
Haines stood at the doorway, looking out. Says he found a sweet young thing down there. How much? Four quid? Lend us one.
That will do nicely. You wouldn’t kneel down to pray for your mother on her deathbed when she asked you. He lunged towards his messmates in turn a thick slice of bread, impaled on his knife.
new paganism.. It’ll be swept up that way when the tide comes in about one. Wait till I have a few pints in me first.
An Irishman must think like that, I daresay. Haines is apologising for waking us last night. Buck Mulligan kicked Stephen’s foot under the table and said with warmth of tone:
Lead him not into temptation. Five lines of text and ten pages of notes about the folk and the fishgods of Dundrum. 
      But, hising up her petticoats...
It is mine. But to think of your mother begging you with her last breath to kneel down and pray for her. 
 —And a third, Stephen said, there is who wants me for odd jobs.
O, I shall expire! Break the news to her gently, Aubrey! I shall die! With slit ribbons of his shirt whipping the air he hops and hobbles round the table, with trousers down at heels, chased by Ades of Magdalen with the tailor’s shears. So I carried the boat of incense then at Clongowes. 
 —Give us that key, Kinch, Buck Mulligan said, to keep my chemise flat.
The twining stresses, two by two. Symbol of the apostles in the mass for pope Marcellus, the voices blended, singing alone loud in affirmation: and behind their chant the vigilant angel of the church militant disarmed and menaced her heresiarchs. A flush which made him seem younger and more engaging rose to Buck Mulligan’s cheek.
The ghostcandle to light her agony. The sugar is in the bag. His head disappeared and reappeared.
My mother’s a jew, my father’s a bird. You know, Dedalus, you have the real Oxford manner. 
 —Do you remember the first day I went to your house after my mother’s death?
You must read them in the original. Hurry out to your school kip and bring us back some money. O, my name for you is the best: Kinch, the knife-blade.
I’m quite frank with you. Silk of the kine and poor old woman, names given her in old times. Toothless Kinch and I, the supermen.
Memories beset his brooding brain.       
       What’s bred in the bone cannot fail me to fly
        And Olivet’s breezy..
 In the bright silent instant Stephen saw his own image in cheap dusty mourning between their gay attires.
It does her all right. I remember only ideas and sensations. Were you in a funk?
A wandering crone, lowly form of an immortal serving her conqueror and her gay betrayer, their common cuckquean, a messenger from the secret morning. We have grown out of Wilde and paradoxes. Touch him for a quid, will you? A guinea, I mean.
A servant too. I must give you a shirt and a few noserags. 
      Iubilantium te virginum.
It’s quite simple. The twining stresses, two by two. But, hush! Not a word more on that subject! Kinch, wake up! Bread, butter, honey. Come out, Kinch. 
 —No, thank you, sir, the old woman said, slipping the ring of the milkcan on her forearm and about to go.
Old shrunken paps. You have eaten all we left, I suppose. He emptied his pockets on to the table.
The ring of bay and skyline held a dull green mass of liquid. A sail veering about the blank bay waiting for a swollen bundle to bob up, roll over to the sun a puffy face, saltwhite. Then he said to Haines:
Inshore and farther out the mirror of water whitened, spurned by lightshod hurrying feet. Chrysostomos. But, I say, Mulligan, you do make strong tea, don’t you?
They wash and tub and scrub. God, Kinch, if you and I could only work together we might do something for the island. Why should I bring it down? Or leave it there all day, forgotten friendship?
Do I contradict myself? Very well then, I contradict myself. The plump shadowed face and sullen oval jowl recalled a prelate, patron of arts in the middle ages. 
 —I don’t know, I’m sure.

[ 02 Nestor ]

I am a struggler now at the end of my days. As on the first day he bargained with me here. 
 —For the moment, no, Stephen answered.
Fred Ryan, two shillings. Elfin riders sat them, watchful of a sign. And snug in their spooncase of purple plush, faded, the twelve apostles having preached to all the gentiles: world without end.
In every sense of the word take the bull by the horns. Grain supplies through the narrow waters of the channel. 
 —That on his empire, Stephen said, the sun never sets.
And here crowns. What then? A jester at the court of his master, indulged and disesteemed, winning a clement master’s praise. Ay.
Sixpences, halfcrowns. No-one here to hear. His eyes open wide in vision stared sternly across the sunbeam in which he halted.
A faithless wife first brought the strangers to our shore here, MacMurrough’s wife and her leman, O’Rourke, prince of Breffni. The soul is in a manner all that is: the soul is the form of forms. Yes, a disappointed bridge.
Hoarse, masked and armed, the planters’ covenant. Their full slow eyes belied the words, the gestures eager and unoffending, but knew the rancours massed about them and knew their zeal was vain. Ay.
I wrote last night to Mr Field, M.P. A sweetened boy’s breath. I think you’ll find that’s right.
The lodge of Diamond in Armagh the splendid behung with corpses of papishes. Three nooses round me here. I know two editors slightly.
Serum and virus. Just look through it. Two in the back bench whispered. Do you know what is the pride of the English? Do you know what is the proudest word you will ever hear from an Englishman’s mouth?
With envy he watched their faces: Edith, Ethel, Gerty, Lily. Was that then real? The only true thing in life? His mother’s prostrate body the fiery Columbanus in holy zeal bestrode. 
 —That on his empire, Stephen said, the sun never sets.
Time has branded them and fettered they are lodged in the room of the infinite possibilities they have ousted. The lodge of Diamond in Armagh the splendid behung with corpses of papishes. backstairs influence by...
Aristotle’s phrase formed itself within the gabbled verses and floated out into the studious silence of the library of Saint Genevieve where he had read, sheltered from the sin of Paris, night by night. I am surrounded by difficulties, by.. 
 —What is it, sir? We give it up.
She had loved his weak watery blood drained from her own. Many errors, many failures but not the one sin. 
 —Iago, Stephen murmured.
A thing out in the water. A hoard heaped by the roadside: plundered and passing on. 
 —A learner rather, Stephen said.
They swarmed loud, uncouth about the temple, their heads thickplotting under maladroit silk hats. Lal the ral the ra. And as he stepped fussily back across the field his old man’s voice cried sternly:
I remember the famine in ‘46. Amor matris: subjective and objective genitive. The pluterperfect imperturbability of the department of agriculture. 
 —O, ask me, sir.
I have a letter here for the press. Percentage of salted horses. You’ll find them very handy.
A whirring whistle: goal. You were not born to be a teacher, I think. On his cheek, dull and bloodless, a soft stain of ink lay, dateshaped, recent and damp as a snail’s bed.
In every sense of the word take the bull by the horns. Three times now. You just buy one of these machines. You will see at the next outbreak they will put an embargo on Irish cattle. Stephen rustled the sheets again.
Hoarse, masked and armed, the planters’ covenant. Waiting always for a word of help his hand moved faithfully the unsteady symbols, a faint hue of shame flickering behind his dull skin. Stephen jerked his thumb towards the window, saying:
Money is power. With envy he watched their faces: Edith, Ethel, Gerty, Lily.       The harlot’s cry from street to street
        Shall weave old England’s windingsheet.
Sargent peered askance through his slanted glasses. She was no more: the trembling skeleton of a twig burnt in the fire, an odour of rosewood and wetted ashes. They offer to come over here. And that is why they are wanderers on the earth to this day.
Veterinary surgeons. Framed around the walls images of vanished horses stood in homage, their meek heads poised in air: lord Hastings’ Repulse, the duke of Westminster’s Shotover, the duke of Beaufort’s Ceylon, prix de Paris, 1866. He faced about and back again.
You, Armstrong. Ten to one the field. Serum and virus. 
 —Tarentum, sir.
I never borrowed a shilling in my life. In every sense of the word take the bull by the horns. By his elbow a delicate Siamese conned a handbook of strategy. I have seen it coming these years. Well? I can break them in this instant if I will.
We have committed many errors and many sins. Gabble of geese. 
 —For the moment, no, Stephen answered.
Mirthless high malicious laughter. Day!.. 
 —Yes, sir.
Russell, one guinea, Cousins, ten shillings, Bob Reynolds, half a guinea, Koehler, three guineas, Mrs MacKernan, five weeks’ board. From a hill above a corpsestrewn plain a general speaking to his officers, leaned upon his spear. 
 —O, ask me, sir.
A hoard heaped by the roadside: plundered and passing on. From a hill above a corpsestrewn plain a general speaking to his officers, leaned upon his spear.       —Weep no more, woful shepherds, weep no more
        For Lycidas, your sorrow, is not dead,
        Sunk though he be beneath the watery floor...
Stephen’s embarrassed hand moved over the shells heaped in the cold stone mortar: whelks and money cowries and leopard shells: and this, whorled as an emir’s turban, and this, the scallop of saint James. Many errors, many failures but not the one sin. You have two copies there. A French Celt said that. A lump in my pocket: symbols soiled by greed and misery.
From a hill above a corpsestrewn plain a general speaking to his officers, leaned upon his spear. The word Sums was written on the headline. Looking up again he set them free.
By his elbow a delicate Siamese conned a handbook of strategy. And it can be cured. Day!.. Thursday.
A French Celt said that. I am surrounded by difficulties, by.. Serum and virus. He shot from it two crowns and two shillings.
Day!.. A hoard heaped by the roadside: plundered and passing on. By his elbow a delicate Siamese conned a handbook of strategy. Thanks, Sargent answered.
She had loved his weak watery blood drained from her own. I remember the famine in ‘46. Looking up again he set them free.
Welloff people, proud that their eldest son was in the navy. They swarmed loud, uncouth about the temple, their heads thickplotting under maladroit silk hats. Gone too from the world, Averroes and Moses Maimonides, dark men in mien and movement, flashing in their mocking mirrors the obscure soul of the world, a darkness shining in brightness which brightness could not comprehend.
A kind of a bridge. When you have lived as long as I have. We are all Irish, all kings’ sons.
This is for sovereigns. They are not to be thought away. We didn’t hear.
My cousin, Blackwood Price, writes to me it is regularly treated and cured in Austria by cattledoctors there. I remember the famine in ‘46. Stephen jerked his thumb towards the window, saying:
That’s not English. He curled them between his palms at whiles and swallowed them softly. 
      My father gave me seeds to sow.
For a woman who was no better than she should be, Helen, the runaway wife of Menelaus, ten years the Greeks made war on Troy. Soft day, sir John! Soft day, your honour!.. 
 —Can you do them yourself? Stephen asked.
In every sense of the word take the bull by the horns. Cassandra. Mulligan will dub me a new name: the bullockbefriending bard.
Vain patience to heap and hoard. Beneath were sloping figures and at the foot a crooked signature with blind loops and a blot. He voted for it and put on his topboots to ride to Dublin from the Ards of Down to do so.
Welloff people, proud that their eldest son was in the navy. And they are the signs of a nation’s decay. Stephen sketched a brief gesture.

[ 03 Proteus ]

But he must send me La Vie de Jésus by M. Somewhere to someone in your flutiest voice.       O, O the boys of
        Kilkenny...
Sands and stones. The man’s shrieked whistle struck his limp ears. Lent it to his friend.
He saved men from drowning and you shake at a cur’s yelping. The rich of a rasher fried with a herring? Sure? So much the better. O si, certo! Sell your soul for that, do, dyed rags pinned round a squaw. I could not save her. Remember your epiphanies written on green oval leaves, deeply deep, copies to be sent if you died to all the great libraries of the world, including Alexandria? Someone was to read them there after a few thousand years, a mahamanvantara. Better get this job over quick. How the head centre got away, authentic version. And these, the stoneheaps of dead builders, a warren of weasel rats. My teeth are very bad. Dringdring! Down, up, forward, back. Hook it quick. Talk about apple dumplings, piuttosto. Where is she?
Will you be as gods? Gaze in your omphalos. I’ll show you my likeness one day. He saved men from drowning and you shake at a cur’s yelping. And, spent, its speech ceases. Endless, would it be mine, form of my form? Who watches me here? Who ever anywhere will read these written words? Signs on a white field. Call: no answer. I remember. Già. Oomb, allwombing tomb. With mother’s money order, eight shillings, the banging door of the post office slammed in your face by the usher. They are coming, waves. Gaze. You have some. He counted the creases of rucked leather wherein another’s foot had nested warm. Why is that, I wonder, or does it mean something perhaps?
With him together down.. Here. Sit tight. Jesus wept: and no wonder, by Christ!
Gold light on sea, on sand, on boulders. He threw it. Listen.
N., you know: physiques, chimiques et naturelles. His human eyes scream to me out of horror of his death. Why is that, I wonder, or does it mean something perhaps?
Dane vikings, torcs of tomahawks aglitter on their breasts when Malachi wore the collar of gold. Pico della Mirandola like. 
      Couch a hogshead with me then. I am not a strong swimmer. On the night of the seventeenth of February 1904 the prisoner was seen by two witnesses. And, spent, its speech ceases. That is why mystic monks. Day by day: night by night: lifted, flooded and let fall. The froeken, bonne à tout faire, who rubs male nakedness in the bath at Upsala. I could not save her. Not this Monsieur, I said. Come out of them, Stephen. His snout lifted barked at the wavenoise, herds of seamorse. On the night of the seventeenth of February 1904 the prisoner was seen by two witnesses. I throw this ended shadow from me, manshape ineluctable, call it back. No. The oval equine faces, Temple, Buck Mulligan, Foxy Campbell, Lanternjaws. About her windraw face hair trailed. No-one about. Buss her, wap in rogues’ rum lingo, for, O, my dimber wapping dell! A shefiend’s whiteness under her rancid rags. His arm: Cranly’s arm. Loose sand and shellgrit crusted her bare feet. The cords of all link back, strandentwining cable of all flesh. Mind you don’t get one bang on the ear. Maud Gonne, beautiful woman, La Patrie, M. If I were suddenly naked here as I sit? I am not. He lifted his feet up from the suck and turned back by the mole of boulders. I see her skirties. I’ll show you my likeness one day. Evening will find itself.
Hollandais? Non fromage. I have passed the way to aunt Sara’s. Yes, evening will find itself in me, without me. O, touch me soon, now. The new air greeted him, harping in wild nerves, wind of wild air of seeds of brightness. I know the voice. Then from the starving cagework city a horde of jerkined dwarfs, my people, with flayers’ knives, running, scaling, hacking in green blubbery whalemeat. Spurned and undespairing. See what I meant, see? O, that’s all right. 
 —Morrow, nephew.
A garland of grey hair on his comminated head see him me clambering down to the footpace (descende!), clutching a monstrance, basiliskeyed. Just say in the most natural tone: when I was in Paris; boul’ Mich’’, I used to. The drone of his misleading whistle brings Walter back.
His hindpaws then scattered the sand: then his forepaws dabbled and delved. Highly respectable gondoliers! And skeweyed Walter sirring his father, no less! Sir. Deux irlandais, nous, Irlande, vous savez ah, oui! She thought you wanted a cheese hollandais. Lawn Tennyson, gentleman poet. Of Ireland, the Dalcassians, of hopes, conspiracies, of Arthur Griffith now, A E, pimander, good shepherd of men. All kings’ sons. Five, six: the nacheinander. I am, a stride at a time. He turned northeast and crossed the firmer sand towards the Pigeonhouse.
For that are you pining, the bark of their applause? Pretenders: live their lives. For that are you pining, the bark of their applause? Pretenders: live their lives. God becomes man becomes fish becomes barnacle goose becomes featherbed mountain. 
 —Bathing Crissie, sir.
I want puce gloves. There he is. We have nothing in the house but backache pills.
They are waiting for him now. Lord, is he going to attack me? Respect his liberty. Five, six: the nacheinander. Am I walking into eternity along Sandymount strand? Crush, crack, crick, crick. They are coming, waves. Limit of the diaphane in. I want puce gloves. Did I not take it up?
Other fellow did it: other me. A lex eterna stays about Him. No. He threw it. Feefawfum. The good bishop of Cloyne took the veil of the temple out of his shovel hat: veil of space with coloured emblems hatched on its field. Hold hard. Paradise of pretenders then and now. I have my stick. Remember your epiphanies written on green oval leaves, deeply deep, copies to be sent if you died to all the great libraries of the world, including Alexandria? Someone was to read them there after a few thousand years, a mahamanvantara. I was, faith. High water at Dublin bar. The drone of his misleading whistle brings Walter back.
A hater of his kind ran from them to the wood of madness, his mane foaming in the moon, his eyeballs stars. Turning his back to the sun he bent over far to a table of rock and scribbled words. O, that’s all only all right.
Welcome as the flowers in May. With mother’s money order, eight shillings, the banging door of the post office slammed in your face by the usher. Old Father Ocean. Bits all khrrrrklak in place clack back. No, the dog. Creation from nothing. Clouding over. Old Deasy’s letter. The good bishop of Cloyne took the veil of the temple out of his shovel hat: veil of space with coloured emblems hatched on its field. Damn your lithia water. It lowers. Would you do what he did? A boat would be near, a lifebuoy. Listen: a fourworded wavespeech: seesoo, hrss, rsseeiss, ooos. Loose sand and shellgrit crusted her bare feet. All’erta!
Loose sand and shellgrit crusted her bare feet. Bits all khrrrrklak in place clack back. Go easy. Ah, see now! Falls back suddenly, frozen in stereoscope. I thirst. Hide gold there. Jesus! If I fell over a cliff that beetles o’er his base, fell through the nebeneinander ineluctably! I am getting on nicely in the dark.       O, O the boys of
        Kilkenny...
He is running back to them. Is that then the divine substance wherein Father and Son are consubstantial? Where is poor dear Arius to try conclusions? Warring his life long upon the contransmagnificandjewbangtantiality. The foot that beat the ground in tripudium, foot I dislove. Not hurt? O, that’s all right. The two maries. He stared at them proudly, piled stone mammoth skulls. At the lacefringe of the tide he halted with stiff forehoofs, seawardpointed ears. Womb of sin.
Am I not going there? Seems not. Già. Bringing his host down and kneeling he heard twine with his second bell the first bell in the transept (he is lifting his) and, rising, heard (now I am lifting) their two bells (he is kneeling) twang in diphthong.
Like me, like Algy, coming down to our mighty mother. I can watch it flow past from here. Pain is far.
Son of the wild goose, Kevin Egan of Paris. Hired dog! Shoot him to bloody bits with a bang shotgun, bits man spattered walls all brass buttons. How? By knocking his sconce against them, sure. The good bishop of Cloyne took the veil of the temple out of his shovel hat: veil of space with coloured emblems hatched on its field. Raw facebones under his peep of day boy’s hat. The cords of all link back, strandentwining cable of all flesh. Get back then by the Poolbeg road to the strand there. It lowers. Seadeath, mildest of all deaths known to man. Dringdring! And two streets off another locking it into a pyx. Basta! I will see if I can see.
Fermé. He is running back to them. Lent it to his friend.
Here, I am not walking out to the Kish lightship, am I? He stood suddenly, his feet beginning to sink slowly in the quaking soil. In the darkness of the dome they wait, their pushedback chairs, my obelisk valise, around a board of abandoned platters. The cold domed room of the tower waits. 
 —He has nothing to sit down on, sir.
Then from the starving cagework city a horde of jerkined dwarfs, my people, with flayers’ knives, running, scaling, hacking in green blubbery whalemeat. The dog yelped running to them, reared up and pawed them, dropping on all fours, again reared up at them with mute bearish fawning. He stared at them proudly, piled stone mammoth skulls. By the way go easy with that money like a good young imbecile. For the rest let look who will.
Call away let him: thy quarrons dainty is. The froeken, bonne à tout faire, who rubs male nakedness in the bath at Upsala. With beaded mitre and with crozier, stalled upon his throne, widower of a widowed see, with upstiffed omophorion, with clotted hinderparts.
Behold the handmaid of the moon. Moi faire, she said, Tous les messieurs. Why is that, I wonder, or does it mean something perhaps?
Spurned and undespairing. A drowning man. Pain is far.
When I put my face into it in the basin at Clongowes. Ought I go to a dentist, I wonder, with that money? That one. Spoils slung at her back. His speckled body ambled ahead of them and then loped off at a calf’s gallop. Hollandais? Non fromage. But the courtiers who mocked Guido in Or san Michele were in their own house. Bath a most private thing. Red carpet spread. All days make their end. Broken hoops on the shore; at the land a maze of dark cunning nets; farther away chalkscrawled backdoors and on the higher beach a dryingline with two crucified shirts. No, the dog. Lawn Tennyson, gentleman poet. That’s why she won’t.
She, she, she. Endless, would it be mine, form of my form? Who watches me here? Who ever anywhere will read these written words? Signs on a white field. Glue em well. Must get. O yes, W. Fermé. Dane vikings, torcs of tomahawks aglitter on their breasts when Malachi wore the collar of gold. Something he buried there, his grandmother. Why, I wonder. On the night of the seventeenth of February 1904 the prisoner was seen by two witnesses. Un demi sétier! A jet of coffee steam from the burnished caldron. This. 
      In the darkmans clip and kiss.
The foot that beat the ground in tripudium, foot I dislove. Abbas father, furious dean, what offence laid fire to their brains? Paff! Descende, calve, ut ne nimium decalveris. Lascivious people.
Here, I am not walking out to the Kish lightship, am I? He stood suddenly, his feet beginning to sink slowly in the quaking soil. The cold domed room of the tower waits. With beaded mitre and with crozier, stalled upon his throne, widower of a widowed see, with upstiffed omophorion, with clotted hinderparts.
Peachy cheeks, a zebra skirt, frisky as a young thing’s. Number one swung lourdily her midwife’s bag, the other’s gamp poked in the beach. A quiver of minnows, fat of a spongy titbit, flash through the slits of his buttoned trouserfly. We don’t want any of your medieval abstrusiosities. His speckled body ambled ahead of them and then loped off at a calf’s gallop. Sad too. In sleep the wet sign calls her hour, bids her rise. They waded a little way in the water and, stooping, soused their bags and, lifting them again, waded out. If you can put your five fingers through it it is a gate, if not a door.       O, O the boys of
        Kilkenny...
On the night of the seventeenth of February 1904 the prisoner was seen by two witnesses. Limit of the diaphane in. Of all the glad new year, mother, the rum tum tiddledy tum. And these, the stoneheaps of dead builders, a warren of weasel rats. His tuneful whistle sounds again, finely shaded, with rushes of the air, his fists bigdrumming on his padded knees.
I throw this ended shadow from me, manshape ineluctable, call it back. Je ne crois pas en l’existence de Dieu. He laps.
Mind you don’t get one bang on the ear. Je ne crois pas en l’existence de Dieu. That man led me, spoke. Talk about apple dumplings, piuttosto. Damn your lithia water. There was a fellow I knew once in Barcelona, queer fellow, used to call it his postprandial. I see you. Full fathom five thy father lies. Signatures of all things I am here to read, seaspawn and seawrack, the nearing tide, that rusty boot. Sad too. Cleanchested. His human eyes scream to me out of horror of his death. Yes, used to carry punched tickets to prove an alibi if they arrested you for murder somewhere. Yes, evening will find itself in me, without me. Spurned and undespairing. He is running back to them. Who to clear it? He has the key. Full fathom five thy father lies. Water cold soft. Lord, is he going to attack me? Respect his liberty. Haroun al Raschid. No, the dog. He saved men from drowning and you shake at a cur’s yelping. And Monsieur Drumont, gentleman journalist. And these, the stoneheaps of dead builders, a warren of weasel rats. Tap with it: they do. No. Pico della Mirandola like. I would want to. Pain is far.
Green eyes, I see you. Whom were you trying to walk like? Forget: a dispossessed. Shake hands. He rooted in the sand, dabbling, delving and stopped to listen to the air, scraped up the sand again with a fury of his claws, soon ceasing, a pard, a panther, got in spousebreach, vulturing the dead.
Tell Pat you saw me, won’t you? I wanted to get poor Pat a job one time. A very short space of time through very short times of space. On the night of the seventeenth of February 1904 the prisoner was seen by two witnesses. Got up as a young bride, man, veil, orangeblossoms, drove out the road to Malahide. I could not save her. Dringdring! Down, up, forward, back. Whom were you trying to walk like? Forget: a dispossessed. Must be two of em. I am caught in this burning scene. A bogoak frame over his bald head: Wilde’s Requiescat. That’s why she won’t.
Limits of the diaphane. Just you give it a fair trial. Her fancyman is treating two Royal Dublins in O’Loughlin’s of Blackpitts. I wouldn’t let my brother, not even my own brother, most lascivious thing. The cold domed room of the tower waits. A drowning man. Street of harlots. Clouding over. Get back then by the Poolbeg road to the strand there. Deux irlandais, nous, Irlande, vous savez ah, oui! She thought you wanted a cheese hollandais. His snout lifted barked at the wavenoise, herds of seamorse. Number one swung lourdily her midwife’s bag, the other’s gamp poked in the beach. From the liberties, out for the day. The simple pleasures of the poor. O si, certo! Sell your soul for that, do, dyed rags pinned round a squaw. Loose tobaccoshreds catch fire: a flame and acrid smoke light our corner. Like me, like Algy, coming down to our mighty mother. Did you see anything of your artist brother Stephen lately? No? Sure he’s not down in Strasburg terrace with his aunt Sally? Couldn’t he fly a bit higher than that, eh? And and and and tell us, Stephen, how is uncle Si? O, weeping God, the things I married into! De boys up in de hayloft. Dringadring! And in a ladychapel another taking housel all to his own cheek. Touch, touch me.
He stopped, sniffed, stalked round it, brother, nosing closer, went round it, sniffling rapidly like a dog all over the dead dog’s bedraggled fell. Not hurt? O, that’s all right. You’re your father’s son. Millevoye, Félix Faure, know how he died? Licentious men. Am I walking into eternity along Sandymount strand? Crush, crack, crick, crick. That one is going too. Your postprandial, do you know that word? Postprandial. Put me on to Edenville. Like me, like Algy, coming down to our mighty mother. High water at Dublin bar. Moving through the air high spars of a threemaster, her sails brailed up on the crosstrees, homing, upstream, silently moving, a silent ship.
It lowers. He counted the creases of rucked leather wherein another’s foot had nested warm. With him together down.. His fustian shirt, sanguineflowered, trembles its Spanish tassels at his secrets. Lover, for her love he prowled with colonel Richard Burke, tanist of his sept, under the walls of Clerkenwell and, crouching, saw a flame of vengeance hurl them upward in the fog. Cleanchested. No. Am I not going there? Seems not. Je ne crois pas en l’existence de Dieu. A catalectic tetrameter of iambs marching. Spoils slung at her back. In sleep the wet sign calls her hour, bids her rise. Full fathom five thy father lies. Ought I go to a dentist, I wonder, with that money? That one. This. Ah, see now! Falls back suddenly, frozen in stereoscope. God becomes man becomes fish becomes barnacle goose becomes featherbed mountain. Gaze.       O, O the boys of
        Kilkenny...
A catalectic tetrameter of iambs marching. Snotgreen, bluesilver, rust: coloured signs. Unfallen Adam rode and not rutted. Hello. Like me, like Algy, coming down to our mighty mother. I see you. Belly without blemish, bulging big, a buckler of taut vellum, no, whiteheaped corn, orient and immortal, standing from everlasting to everlasting. Me sits there with his augur’s rod of ash, in borrowed sandals, by day beside a livid sea, unbeheld, in violet night walking beneath a reign of uncouth stars. Green eyes, I see you. For the rest let look who will.
Shells. Bet she wears those curse of God stays suspenders and yellow stockings, darned with lumpy wool. A bolt drawn back and Walter welcomes me.
Old Kilkenny: saint Canice, Strongbow’s castle on the Nore. Moist pith of farls of bread, the froggreen wormwood, her matin incense, court the air. I see you. His blued feet out of turnedup trousers slapped the clammy sand, a dull brick muffler strangling his unshaven neck. Bridebed, childbed, bed of death, ghostcandled. Why is that, I wonder, or does it mean something perhaps?
Lord, they are weary; and, whispered to, they sigh. Welcome as the flowers in May. When I put my face into it in the basin at Clongowes. Hauled stark over the gunwale he breathes upward the stench of his green grave, his leprous nosehole snoring to the sun.

[ 04 Calypso ]

Want pure fresh water. It did not move or touch him but it was something quick and neat. A girl playing one of those instruments what do you call them: dulcimers. Give my love to mummy and to yourself a big kiss and thanks. Poetical idea: pink, then golden, then grey, then black. And a pound and a half of Denny’s sausages. Tea before you put milk in. Three and six I gave for the frame. Begins and ends morally. Wait before a door sometime it will open. Useless to move now. Why? I noticed he had a good rich smell off his breath dancing. Nothing she can eat? He glanced round him. They call it reincarnation. Here. Make hay while the sun shines. Come.
And the little mirror in his silk hat. Chap you know just to salute bit of a bore. He would be eleven now if he had lived.
Wonder is it true if you clip them they can’t mouse after. Then it fetched up three coins from his trousers’ pocket and laid them on the rubber prickles. Strong pair of arms. Whacking a carpet on the clothesline. Friend of the family. Specially in these black clothes feel it more. Plasters on a sore eye. Somewhere in the east: early morning: set off at dawn. Olives are packed in jars, eh? I have a few left from Andrews. Brown scapulars in tatters, defending her both ways. He went in, bowing his head under the low lintel. Why? I noticed he had a good rich smell off his breath dancing. Keep it a bit. Hope it’s not too big bring on piles again. Grey. They call it reincarnation. Then he read the letter again: twice.
Wonder have I time for a bath this morning. Strong pair of arms. The night Milly brought it into the parlour. There again: the overtone following through the air. His quickened heart slowed at once. Must be Ruby pride of the on the floor naked. Put down three and carry five. Looked shut. He held the page aslant patiently, bending his senses and his will, his soft subject gaze at rest. Midway, his last resistance yielding, he allowed his bowels to ease themselves quietly as he read, reading still patiently that slight constipation of yesterday quite gone. Mrs Marion Bloom. Still he had brains enough to make that corner in stamps. I’m swelled after that cabbage. Where is my hat, by the way? Must have put it back on the peg. She knew at once. Orangegroves and immense melonfields north of Jaffa. A barren land, bare waste. No, just right. Row with her in the XL Café about the bracelet. Her slim legs running up the staircase. Useless to move now. Still, true to life also. The figures whitened in his mind, unsolved: displeased, he let them fade. Might meet a robber or two. Simon Dedalus takes him off to a tee with his eyes screwed up. Ham and eggs, no. Be near her ample bedwarmed flesh. Nudging the door open with his knee he carried the tray in and set it on the chair by the bedhead.
Still, she might do worse. Dark caves of carpet shops, big man, Turko the terrible, seated crosslegged, smoking a coiled pipe. Doped animals. Plasters on a sore eye. Torn envelope. The same young eyes. Windows open. He leaned downward and read near her polished thumbnail.
Strings. He stood up, undoing the waistband of his trousers. He would be eleven now if he had lived.
Girl’s sweet light lips. What Arthur Griffith said about the headpiece over the Freeman leader: a homerule sun rising up in the northwest from the laneway behind the bank of Ireland. The porkbutcher snapped two sheets from the pile, wrapped up her prime sausages and made a red grimace.
Her first birthday away from home. Fifteen. There’s a word I wanted to ask you.
Did Roberts pay you yet? 9.20. How do you? Doesn’t see. Dirty cleans. Why is that? Valuation is only twentyeight. Timing her. Brimstone they called it raining down: the cities of the plain: Sodom, Gomorrah, Edom. Good house, however: just the end of the city traffic. Sex breaking out even then. Ruby: the Pride of the Ring. Only five she was then. Good house, however: just the end of the city traffic. Brown scapulars in tatters, defending her both ways. Its hump bumped as he took it up. Windows open. There again: the overtone following through the air. You pay eighty marks and they plant a dunam of land for you with olives, oranges, almonds or citrons. Break your neck and we’ll break our sides. 
 —Mrkrgnao! the cat said loudly.
Always have fresh greens then. Mrs Marion. Nobody.
The sting of disregard glowed to weak pleasure within his breast. There is a young student comes here some evenings named Bannon his cousins or something are big swells and he sings Boylan’s (I was on the pop of writing Blazes Boylan’s) song about those seaside girls. The sting of disregard glowed to weak pleasure within his breast. Mrs Marion. Scratch my head. No, wait: four. Give my love to mummy and to yourself a big kiss and thanks. She understands all she wants to. Wandered far away over all the earth, captivity to captivity, multiplying, dying, being born everywhere. Molly in Citron’s basketchair. He sat down, cut and buttered a slice of the loaf. I pass on. Why? They shine in the dark, perhaps, the tips. His back is like that Norwegian captain’s. So. Your name entered for life as owner in the book of the union. His back is like that Norwegian captain’s. Given away with the Easter number of Photo Bits: Splendid masterpiece in art colours. The king was in his countinghouse. Better be careful not to get these trousers dirty for the funeral. They are lovely. Makes you feel young. Families of them. Oldfashioned way he used to bow Molly off the platform. She turned over sleepily that time. Must have slid down. Curious mice never squeal. Reading, lying back now, counting the strands of her hair, smiling, braiding.
Always the same, year after year. Good puzzle would be cross Dublin without passing a pub. Desolation.
Coming all that way: Spain, Gibraltar, Mediterranean, the Levant. Ah! Costive. Three and six I gave for the frame. Daresay lots of officers are in the swim too. Matcham often thinks of the masterstroke by which he won the laughing witch who now. He sat down, cut and buttered a slice of the loaf. What possessed me to buy this comb? 9.24. He said softly in the bare hall:
Fair day and all the beef to the heels were in. Leaving the door ajar, amid the stench of mouldy limewash and stale cobwebs he undid his braces. Nicked myself shaving. Want pure fresh water. For another: a constable off duty cuddling her in Eccles’ Lane. Only a little burnt. Mr Coghlan took one of me and Mrs. Still perhaps: once in a way.
So. They used to believe you could be changed into an animal or a tree, for instance. 
 —‘Tis all that.
Wonder have I time for a bath this morning. A shiver of the trees, signal, the evening wind. Or through M’Coy.
Wonder what her father gave for it. He liked to read at stool. Milly.
Want pure fresh water. Nice to hold, cool waxen fruit, hold in the hand, lift it to the nostrils and smell the perfume. For another: a constable off duty cuddling her in Eccles’ Lane. Our prize titbit: Matcham’s Masterstroke. A bent hag crossed from Cassidy’s, clutching a naggin bottle by the neck. Not much. They like them sizeable. Her head dancing. Hard as nails at a bargain, old Tweedy. Drago’s shopbell ringing. Her nature. Done to a turn. Specially in these black clothes feel it more. It wouldn’t pan out somehow.
Wait in any case till it does. Still he knows his own business best. Wait till I’m ready.
Fading gold sky. Mine. The cat went up in soft bounds. Had to look the other way.       Those girls, those girls,
        Those lovely seaside girls.
Seem to like it. He liked to read at stool. A sleepy soft grunt answered:
Afraid of the chookchooks. Get another of Paul de Kock’s. Leaving the door ajar, amid the stench of mouldy limewash and stale cobwebs he undid his braces. Wait in any case till it does. Lines in her eyes. It bore the oldest, the first race. He shore away the burnt flesh and flung it to the cat. Chap you know just to salute bit of a bore. Must have slid down. We did great biz yesterday. Like that, heavy, sweet, wild perfume. Agendath Netaim: planters’ company. Make a summerhouse here. Her first birthday away from home. Be a warm day I fancy. Our souls. Pity. No.
And one shilling threepence change. They call it reincarnation. Oldfashioned way he used to bow Molly off the platform. Six weeks off, however. Was washing at her ear with her back to the fire too.
Always have fresh greens then. Wonder what I look like to her. The cat mewed to him.
Old now. Had to look the other way. 
 —That do? he asked, turning.
Only five she was then. Molly in Citron’s basketchair. Hallstand too full. Hurry up, damn it. Dignam’s soul...
Electric. Every year you get a sending of the crop. Having set it to draw he took off the kettle, crushed the pan flat on the live coals and watched the lump of butter slide and melt. The sweated legend in the crown of his hat told him mutely: Plasto’s high grade ha. Here. She said it would look nice over the bed. Mine. The monster Maffei desisted and flung his victim from him with an oath. Milly.
Silverpowdered olivetrees. Agendath what is it? Now, my miss. Be back in a minute.
He shore away the burnt flesh and flung it to the cat. A girl playing one of those instruments what do you call them: dulcimers. Square it you with the boss and we’ll split the job, see?
Dark caves of carpet shops, big man, Turko the terrible, seated crosslegged, smoking a coiled pipe. Now it could bear no more. Well, God is good, sir. She didn’t want anything. All soil like that without dung. Ahbeesee defeegee kelomen opeecue rustyouvee doubleyou. Do you want another?
To provoke the rain. A dead sea in a dead land, grey and old. Day: then the night.
They like them sizeable. All the way from Gibraltar. Virginia creepers. Old now. Nudging the door open with his knee he carried the tray in and set it on the chair by the bedhead.
He prolonged his pleased smile. 9.15. Fine morning.
Wonder have I time for a bath this morning. Household slops. 
 —Good morning, he said, moving away.
A mother watches me from her doorway. Six weeks off, however. 
 —She got the things, she said.
He let the bloodsmeared paper fall to her and dropped the kidney amid the sizzling butter sauce. Not much. 
 —What are you singing?
It bore the oldest, the first race. Done to a turn. Cup of tea soon. Old now. He stood by the nextdoor girl at the counter. Well, I am here now. Make a picnic of it. Nothing she can eat? He glanced round him. He liked thick giblet soup, nutty gizzards, a stuffed roast heart, liverslices fried with crustcrumbs, fried hencods’ roes. Well, God is good, sir. Just how she stalks over my writingtable. He prolonged his pleased smile. He sighed down his nose: they never understand. Sheet kindly lent. 
 —Mkgnao!
Towers, Battersby, North, MacArthur: parlour windows plastered with bills. Fried with butter, a shake of pepper. I’m parched.
Grey. I’m swelled after that cabbage. Her petticoat.

[ 05 LotusEaters ]

Wife and six children at home. But you want a perfume too. Healthy too, chanting, regular hours, then brew liqueurs. Who is my neighbour? Jammed by the hour to slow music. Must get some from Tom Kernan. Her name and address she then told with my tooraloom tooraloom tay. El, yes: house of: Aleph, Beth. Father Bernard Vaughan’s sermon first. Couldn’t ask him at a funeral, though. Too hot to quarrel. Poor jugginses! Damn all they know or care about anything with their long noses stuck in nosebags. She’s going to sing at a swagger affair in the Ulster Hall, Belfast, on the twentyfifth.
Imagine trying to eat tripe and cowheel. Law of falling bodies: per second per second. Flicker, flicker: the laceflare of her hat in the sun: flicker, flick.
No, Peter Claver I am thinking of. Mozart’s twelfth mass: Gloria in that. Good idea the Latin. 
 —Yes, Mr Bloom said.
Throw them the bone. Turkish. The scene he was always talking about where the old blind Abraham recognises the voice and puts his fingers on his face.
Poisons the only cures. Please write me a long letter and tell me more.       
       She didn’t know what to do
        To keep it up,
        To keep it up.
Wait, Bantam Lyons muttered. And, faith, he filled up. Time to get a bath round the corner. Twopence a pint, fourpence a quart, eightpence a gallon of porter, no, one and fourpence a gallon of porter. Narcotic. Chemists rarely move. The priest went along by them, murmuring, holding the thing in his hands. We ought to have hats modelled on our heads. Bed: ed. The shreds fluttered away, sank in the dank air: a white flutter, then all sank.
Girl in Eustace street hallway Monday was it settling her garter. Take me out of my way. Trams: a car of Prescott’s dyeworks: a widow in her weeds. Healthy too, chanting, regular hours, then brew liqueurs. Remedy where you least expect it. Forget. Clearly I can see today. There: bearskin cap and hackle plume. The funeral is today.
The priest bent down to put it into her mouth, murmuring all the time. Flowers of idleness. 
 —That will be done, Mr Bloom answered firmly.
Simples. Like that haughty creature at the polo match. Pay your Easter duty.
Lovephiltres. He ought to physic himself a bit. Yes, bread of angels it’s called. Prefer an ounce of opium. Shut your eyes and open your mouth. Drawing back his head and gazing far from beneath his vailed eyelids he saw the bright fawn skin shine in the glare, the braided drums. I told her to pitch her voice against that corner. He thanked her and glanced rapidly at the typed envelope.
Under their dropped lids his eyes found the tiny bow of the leather headband inside his high grade ha. Leather. 
 —O God, our refuge and our strength...
Letters on his back: I.N.R.I? No: I.H.S. Never see him dressed up as a fireman or a bobby. A bit at a time.
Esprit de corps. Such a bad headache. Scalp wants oiling.
Good poor brutes they look. Then come out a bit spreeish.       
       She didn’t know what to do
        To keep it up,
        To keep it up.
Doctor Whack. Mercadante: seven last words. Let off steam. Her hat and head sank. The honourable Mrs and Brutus is an honourable man. Who has the organ here I wonder? Old Glynn he knew how to make that instrument talk, the vibrato: fifty pounds a year they say he had in Gardiner street. Thanks, old man. Still, having eunuchs in their choir that was coming it a bit thick. If life was always like that. The next one. Softsoaping. Sandy shrivelled smell he seems to have. The porter hoisted the valise up on the well. Peter and Paul. Mozart’s twelfth mass: Gloria in that. Heatwave. Sorry I didn’t work him about getting Molly into the choir instead of that Father Farley who looked a fool but wasn’t. Lord Iveagh once cashed a sevenfigure cheque for a million in the bank of Ireland. Piled balks. Suppose he lost the pin of his. With careful tread he passed over a hopscotch court with its forgotten pickeystone. Shut your eyes and open your mouth. Henry dear, do not deny my request before my patience are exhausted. Skinfood. I was with him no later than Friday last or Thursday was it in the Arch. Year before I was born that was: sixtyfive. The bungholes sprang open and a huge dull flood leaked out, flowing together, winding through mudflats all over the level land, a lazy pooling swirl of liquor bearing along wideleaved flowers of its froth.
And plotting that murder all the time. A wise tabby, a blinking sphinx, watched from her warm sill. The shreds fluttered away, sank in the dank air: a white flutter, then all sank.
Shows you the money to be made out of porter. Do not deny my request. Couldn’t sink if you tried: so thick with salt. In the dark. I am sorry you did not like my last letter. Their character. She might be here with a ribbon round her neck and do the other thing all the same on the sly. A heavy tramcar honking its gong slewed between.
Aq. Queer the whole atmosphere of the. The funeral is today.
Thank you: not having any. Usual love scrimmage. Never tell you. I want to know.
You might put down my name at the funeral, will you? I’d like to go but I mightn’t be able, you see. Meade’s timberyard. Poisons the only cures. Hail Mary and Holy Mary. Bad as a row with Molly. Good morning, have you used Pears’ soap? Dandruff on his shoulders. They drove off towards the Loop Line bridge, her rich gloved hand on the steel grip. There: bearskin cap and hackle plume. But we. Narcotic. In our confraternity. A million pounds, wait a moment. Could hear a pin drop. No more wandering about. Wine. I do wish I could punish you for that. How long since your last mass? Glorious and immaculate virgin. He wouldn’t know what to do to. Visit some day.
Come around with the plate perhaps. He had his answer pat for everything. Martha.
Wine. Good idea the Latin. Good poor brutes they look. Doesn’t give them any of it: shew wine: only the other. Just loll there: quiet dusk: let everything rip. Possess her once take the starch out of her.
Bad as a row with Molly. Shows you the money to be made out of porter. Better leave him the paper and get shut of him.
First of the month it must have been or the second. No, he’s going on straight. What time?
Her name and address she then told with my tooraloom tooraloom tay. O how I long to meet you. Mrs Bandmann Palmer. Capped corners, rivetted edges, double action lever lock. What’s wrong with him? I said.
But we. I was with him no later than Friday last or Thursday was it in the Arch. 
 —You can keep it, Mr Bloom said.

[ 06 Hades ]

And even scraping up the earth at night with a lantern like that case I read of to get at fresh buried females or even putrefied with running gravesores. Must be his deathday. Is that his name?
He’s there, all that was mortal of him. The clock was on the stroke of twelve. Which end is his head?
Yet who knows after. Crowded on the spit of land silent shapes appeared, white, sorrowful, holding out calm hands, knelt in grief, pointing. He clasped his hands between his knees and, satisfied, sent his vacant glance over their faces.
Not he! A boatman got a pole and fished him out by the slack of the breeches and he was landed up to the father on the quay more dead than alive. Flies come before he’s well dead. He asked me to.
Be sorry after perhaps when it dawns on him. Never see a dead one, they say. For yourselves just.
I am just looking at them: well pared. A corpse is meat gone bad. The gravediggers touched their caps.
Whole place gone to hell. Drawn on a guncarriage. Dennany, monumental builder and sculptor.
In a hurry to bury. Lighten up at the last moment and recognise for the last time. 
 —In paradisum.
No more do I. Looking at the tips of her hairs to see if they are split. They ought to.
A shoelace. No more do I. 
 —It’s as uncertain as a child’s bottom, he said.
Keep out the damp. Thought he was asleep first. 
 —It struck me too, Martin Cunningham said.
Dull business by day, land agents, temperance hotel, Falconer’s railway guide, civil service college, Gill’s, catholic club, the industrious blind. I see what it means. All breadcrumbs they are. Felt heavier myself stepping out of that bath. Never know who will touch you dead. Those pretty little seaside gurls. Quietly, sure of his ground, he traversed the dismal fields.
He left me on my ownio. Hoping you’re well and not in hell. 
 —Better ask Tom Kernan, Mr Dedalus said.
Shuttered, tenantless, unweeded garden. Mr Bloom moved behind the portly kindly caretaker. The carriage moved on through the drove.
Last time I was here was Mrs Sinico’s funeral. Hoardings: Eugene Stratton, Mrs Bandmann Palmer. Levanted with the cash of a few ads. Dying to embrace her in his shirt. The carriage galloped round a corner: stopped.
Wouldn’t be surprised. And if he was alive all the time? Whew! By jingo, that would be awful! No, no: he is dead, of course. Stop!
The coroner’s sunlit ears, big and hairy. Baby. I see. A few bob a skull. I thought it would. Lethal chamber. Get up! Last day! Then every fellow mousing around for his liver and his lights and the rest of his traps. I suppose we can do so too. The shadows of the tombs when churchyards yawn and Daniel O’Connell must be a descendant I suppose who is this used to say he was a queer breedy man great catholic all the same like a big giant in the dark. Shows the profound knowledge of the human heart. Grey sprouting beard. And that awful drunkard of a wife of his. Dead animal even sadder. Deadhouse handy underneath. Mr Bloom’s hand unbuttoned his hip pocket swiftly and transferred the paperstuck soap to his inner handkerchief pocket. That Mulligan is a contaminated bloody doubledyed ruffian by all accounts. Used to change three suits in the day. Wonder how he looks at life. Have you ever seen a ghost? Well, I have. The dead themselves the men anyhow would like to hear an odd joke or the women to know what’s in fashion. Death by misadventure. Yes, he could. Wife ironing his back. Out it rushes: blue. Or a woman’s with her saucepan. Well of all the. All souls’ day. Shaking sleep out of it. Then a kind of a tallowy kind of a cheesy. Shoulders. The carriage halted short.
Can’t believe it at first. First the stiff: then the friends of the stiff. Peace to his ashes.
Why this infliction? Would birds come then and peck like the boy with the basket of fruit but he said no because they ought to have been afraid of the boy. My son. Also hearses. Quicker. Romeo. In white silence: appealing. A lot of money he spent colouring it.
Him? No. Corny Kelleher stood by the opened hearse and took out the two wreaths. Lethal chamber. Good Lord, what became of him?
Thousands every hour. Relics of old decency. Or the Lily of Killarney? Elster Grimes Opera Company. Nodding. Every man his price. Want to feed well, sitting in there all the morning in the gloom kicking his heels waiting for the next please. Priests dead against it. Thanks, old chap: much obliged. Greyish over the ears. Mr Power, collapsing in laughter, shaded his face from the window as the carriage passed Gray’s statue.
Has that silk hat ever since. I knew his name was like a coffin. 
 —It does, Mr Bloom said.
Devil in that picture of sinner’s death showing him a woman. Cremation better. How so?
My nails. What harm if he could see what he was shaking it over. What is your christian name? I’m not sure.
What? Where has he disappeared to? Not a sign. Meade’s yard. He was on the Freeman once.
Sunlight through the slats of the Venetian blind. Molly wanting to do it at the window. Forms more frequent, white shapes thronged amid the trees, white forms and fragments streaming by mutely, sustaining vain gestures on the air.
It never comes. Clues. 
 —The reverend gentleman read the service too quickly, don’t you think? Mr Kernan said with reproof.
A gruesome case. Scarlatina, influenza epidemics. Intelligent. Even Parnell. Got here before us, dead as he is. You must laugh sometimes so better do it that way. This cemetery is a treacherous place.
My son inside her. Pallbearers, gold reins, requiem mass, firing a volley. Hynes shook his head.
Job seems to suit them. Sadly missed. Hoardings: Eugene Stratton, Mrs Bandmann Palmer. Keep out the damp. Big powerful change. this morning. We are the last. Paddy Dignam shot out and rolling over stiff in the dust in a brown habit too large for him. Sorry, sir: trouble. They buy up all the juicy ones. Better shift it out of that. I wish to Christ he did!
Shoulder to the wheel. In a hurry to bury. Mr Dedalus, peering through his glasses towards the veiled sun, hurled a mute curse at the sky.
Devil in that picture of sinner’s death showing him a woman. Doyle and John MacCormack I hope and. From one extreme to the other.
They buy up all the juicy ones. Thanks in silence. 
 —That’s an awfully good one that’s going the rounds about Reuben J and the son.
Wet bright bills for next week. How she met her death. The Botanic Gardens are just over there. On the towpath by the lock a slacktethered horse. Cure for a red nose. Tantalising for the poor dead. I suppose we can do so too. Fancy being his wife. Sympathetic human man he is. Begin to be forgotten. Don’t miss this chance. A coffin bumped out on to the road. Peace to his ashes.
No, ants too. There all right. They passed under the hugecloaked Liberator’s form.

[ 07 Aeolus ]

The broadcloth back ascended each step: back. Through a lane of clanking drums he made his way towards Nannetti’s reading closet. He pushed past them to the files.
I was looking for a fellow to back a bill for me no later than last week. Learn a lot teaching others. Let him give us a three months’ renewal.
Yes. Hooked that nicely. O’Rourke, prince of Breffni.
Material domination. Iron nerves. There was weeping and gnashing of teeth over that. Nature notes. Plain Jane, no damn nonsense. Mary, Martha. the mastermystic? That Blavatsky woman started it. He doesn’t hear it. They give two threepenny bits to the gentleman at the turnstile and begin to waddle slowly up the winding staircase, grunting, encouraging each other, afraid of the dark, panting, one asking the other have you the brawn, praising God and the Blessed Virgin, threatening to come down, peeping at the airslits. Inspiration of genius. Moses and the promised land. That gave him the leg up. An Irishman saved his life on the ramparts of Vienna. I heard his words and their meaning was revealed to me. Long, short and long. I see the idea. That was in eightyone, sixth of May, time of the invincibles, murder in the Phoenix park, before you were born, I suppose. Wait a moment. A Hungarian it was one day.. I teach the blatant Latin language. The foreman moved his scratching hand to his lower ribs and scratched there quietly.
Kingdoms of this world. It was at the royal university dinner. And with a great future behind him.
Mainly all pictures. Better phone him up first. Got that? X is Davy’s publichouse in upper Leeson street.
He began to check it silently. Parked in North Prince’s street His Majesty’s vermilion mailcars, bearing on their sides the royal initials, E. 
 —Yes, sir.
Is the mouth south someway? Or the south a mouth? Must be some. Where’s the archbishop’s letter? It’s to be repeated in the Telegraph. Everything was going swimmingly ...
And it turned out to be a commemoration postcard of Joe Brady or Number One or Skin-the-Goat. Sllt. Lenehan came out of the inner office with Sport’s tissues.
O’Molloy. What’s up? Pop in a minute to phone. Can you?
I was present. Open house. 
 —I have a vision too, Stephen said.
It passed statelily up the staircase, steered by an umbrella, a solemn beardframed face. Frantic hearts. He took a reel of dental floss from his waistcoat pocket and, breaking off a piece, twanged it smartly between two and two of his resonant unwashed teeth.
Daresay he writes him an odd shaky cheque or two on gale days. Big blowout. But no matter.
It was in that case of fratricide, the Childs murder case. DIMINISHED DIGITS PROVE TOO TITILLATING FOR FRISKY FRUMPS. Crawford will follow.
Sounds a bit silly till you come to look into it well. O’Molloy said to Stephen. Come in.
Plain Jane, no damn nonsense. Poor papa with his hagadah book, reading backwards with his finger to me. Rule the world today. And then the lamb and the cat and the dog and the stick and the water and the butcher. He turned.
I can have access to it in the national library. Been walking in muck somewhere. His slim hand with a wave graced echo and fall.
He took a cigarette from the case.       
       As he mostly sees double
        To wear them why trouble?
        I can’t see the Joe Miller.
 One story good till you hear the next. Moses and the promised land. He’d give the ad, I think. That hectic flush spells finis for a man. Inspiration of genius. We gave him that idea, he added to J. Myles, one moment.
Feathered his nest well anyhow. Kyrie! The radiance of the intellect. Dick Adams, the besthearted bloody Corkman the Lord ever put the breath of life in, and myself.
Iron nerves. You know the usual. Love and laud him: me no more.
Lenehan promptly struck a match for them and lit their cigarettes in turn. The contrary no. Want to get some wind off my chest first. Penelope Rich.
I teach the blatant Latin language. That’ll be all right. Screams of newsboys barefoot in the hall rushed near and the door was flung open.
I’ll catch him. Is the boss...? Yes, Telegraph.. The foreman moved his pencil towards it.
O’Molloy murmured. Then round the top in leaded: the house of keys. He fumbled in his pocket pulling out the crushed typesheets.
You know how he made his mark? I’ll tell you. It’s the ads and side features sell a weekly, not the stale news in the official gazette. 
 —I’ll go through the printingworks, Mr Bloom said, taking the cut square.
That he had prepared his speech I do not believe for there was not even one shorthandwriter in the hall. He boomed that workaday worker tack for all it was worth. 
 —Racing special! DEAR DIRTY DUBLIN.
The right honourable Hedges Eyre Chatterton. That door too sllt creaking, asking to be shut. They give two threepenny bits to the gentleman at the turnstile and begin to waddle slowly up the winding staircase, grunting, encouraging each other, afraid of the dark, panting, one asking the other have you the brawn, praising God and the Blessed Virgin, threatening to come down, peeping at the airslits. Believe he does some literary work for the Express with Gabriel Conroy. Innuendo of home rule. Want to fix it up. Anne Kearns has the lumbago for which she rubs on Lourdes water, given her by a lady who got a bottleful from a passionist father. I can see them. Been walking in muck somewhere. la tua pace     ................. Sllt. So long as they do no worse. O’Molloy said, of Roman justice as contrasted with the earlier Mosaic code, the lex talionis. Akasic records of all that ever anywhere wherever was. I just want to phone about an ad.
Then Paddy Hooper worked Tay Pay who took him on to the Star. Look out for squalls. His mouth continued to twitch unspeaking in nervous curls of disdain.
Rub in August: good idea: horseshow month. Been walking in muck somewhere. And with a great future behind him.
Sent his heir over to make the king an Austrian fieldmarshal now. Face glistering tallow under her fustian shawl. Used to get good retainers from D. Two old Dublin women on the top of Nelson’s pillar. Hand on his heart. I’m up to here. O, for a fresh of breath air! I caught a cold in the park. Poor, poor, poor Pyrrhus!
That was the smartest piece of journalism ever known. It’s the ads and side features sell a weekly, not the stale news in the official gazette. He forgot Hamlet.
Third hint. He has influence they say. The professor, returning by way of the files, swept his hand across Stephen’s and Mr O’Madden Burke’s loose ties.
Cabled right away. Want to fix it up. Nightmare from which you will never awake.
Against the wall. Your governor is just gone. Professor MacHugh came from the inner office.
It was at the royal university dinner. That’ll be all right. I’ll show you.
Nannan. Citronlemon? Ah, the soap I put there. WITH UNFEIGNED REGRET IT IS WE ANNOUNCE THE DISSOLUTION OF A MOST RESPECTED DUBLIN BURGESS.
Careless chap. Moses and the promised land. Let him give us a three months’ renewal.
All that are in favour say ay, Lenehan announced. Number? Yes. Dick Adams, the besthearted bloody Corkman the Lord ever put the breath of life in, and myself.
Wait a moment. Going to be trouble there one day. The professor grinned, locking his long lips.
It passed statelily up the staircase, steered by an umbrella, a solemn beardframed face. Dear Mr Editor, what is a good cure for flatulence? I’d like that part. Pyatt! He was all their daddies!
And then the lamb and the cat and the dog and the stick and the water and the butcher. F.A.B.P. Wait a minute. Kyrios! Shining word! The vowels the Semite and the Saxon know not. And then the angel of death kills the butcher and he kills the ox and the dog kills the cat. For Helen, the runaway wife of Menelaus, ten years the Greeks. I see it in your face. World’s biggest balloon. No drinks served before mass.
C is where murder took place. That’ll be all right. 
 —We can all supply mental pabulum, Mr O’Madden Burke said.
I was present. Magennis thinks you must have been pulling A. Youth led by Experience visits Notoriety.
O yes, every time. Been walking in muck somewhere. Blessed and eternal God! Yes? Is he taking anything for it?
Hello?.. Losing heart. SAD.
Look out for squalls. Go on. Vagrants and daylabourers are you called: the world trembles at our name.
Israel is weak and few are her children: Egypt is an host and terrible are her arms. Rather upsets a man’s day, a funeral does. THE GREAT GALLAHER.
What did Ignatius Gallaher do? I’ll tell you. Monkeydoodle the whole thing. A STREET CORTÈGE.

[ 08 Lestrygonians ]

Drop in on Keyes. Chinese eating eggs fifty years old, blue and green again. Germans making their way everywhere. Walk quietly. Hidden hand. That Kilkenny People in the national library now I must.
Our great day, she said. Butchers’ buckets wobbly lights. That was the night...
Last year travelling to Ennis had to pick up that farmer’s daughter’s bag and hand it to her at Limerick junction. Torry and Alexander last year. Interesting. Say it was black, for instance. Could never like it again after Rudy. Vats of porter wonderful. Brewery barge with export stout. Does no harm. Could never like it again after Rudy. Not bad for a Fairview moon. Dutch courage. Now, isn’t that wit. Got fellows to stick them up or stick them up himself for that matter on the q. Huguenot name I expect that. Live by their wits. Won’t look. Ah.
The Messiah was first given for that. Have your daughters inveigling them to your house. So he was.
City Arms hotel table d’hôte she called it. I suggested to him about a transparent showcart with two smart girls sitting inside writing letters, copybooks, envelopes, blottingpaper. Corner of Harcourt road remember that gust. What a stupid ad! Under the obituary notices they stuck it. She did get flushed in the wind. Devil to open them too. Kosher. One and eightpence too much. That’s in their theology or the priest won’t give the poor woman the confession, the absolution. If you imagine it’s there you can almost see it. Mr Bloom coasted warily. girl (R.C.) wishes to hear of post in fruit or pork shop. Rhubarb tart with liberal fillings, rich fruit interior. Take one Spanish onion. Do ptake some ptarmigan. Sweet name too: caramel. That’s the fascination: the name. Gas: then solid: then world: then cold: then dead shell drifting around, frozen rock, like that pineapple rock. Bolt upright lik surgeon M’Ardle. Grace after meals. That quack doctor for the clap used to be stuck up in all the greenhouses. The tentacles...
There is not in this wide world a vallee. Sun’s heat it is. Surfeit. Ha? Did you, faith?
Light, life and love, by God. Soup, joint and sweet. 
 —A cenar teco.
He raised his eyes and met the stare of a bilious clock. Tear it limb from limb. Knows how to tell a story too.
Same old dingdong always. Tan shoes.       Is coming! Is coming!! Is coming!!!
         All heartily welcome.
Other dying every second. Christmas turkeys and geese. Look at what I’m standing drinks to! Cold water and gingerpop! Two fellows that would suck whisky off a sore leg. Swagger around livery stables. Drop in on Keyes. Not bad for a Fairview moon. Watching his water. The huguenots brought that here. Resp. Embroider. 
 —Come, Mr Bloom said.
One fellow told another and so on. Ought to be a hall or a place where inventors could go in and invent free. 
 —So long! Nosey Flynn said.
The ball bobbed unheeded on the wake of swells, floated under by the bridgepiers. Like getting £ I have just come from a funeral.
Sell on easy terms to capture trade. Quick. Very good for the brain.
Great song of Julia Morkan’s. Good stroke. Vitality. Member of the corporation too. His five hundred wives. Happier then. Cook and general, exc. The voice, temperatures: when he touches her with his fingers must almost see the lines, the curves. Tear it limb from limb. Phthisis retires for the time being, then returns. Still David Sheehy beat him for south Meath. The bay purple by the Lion’s head. Fried everything in the best butter all the same. I suppose they really were short of money. Heads bandaged. Circles of ten so that a fellow couldn’t round on more than his own ring. Wait till I show you.
That might be Lizzie Twigg with him. Hate people all round you. See? It all works out.
Lines round her mouth. Scavenging what the quality left. Shelter, for the night.
Manna. Getting on like a house on fire. Foodheated faces, sweating helmets, patting their truncheons. The sun freed itself slowly and lit glints of light among the silverware opposite in Walter Sexton’s window by which John Howard Parnell passed, unseeing.
A man with an infant’s saucestained napkin tucked round him shovelled gurgling soup down his gullet. For her birthday perhaps. No fear: no brains.
Holocaust. Raise Cain. The heavy noonreek tickled the top of Mr Bloom’s gullet. It’s a very stiff birth, the nurse told me.
Lubricate. All yielding she tossed my hair. Kissed, she kissed me.
City Arms hotel table d’hôte she called it. Pub clock five minutes fast. He’s going to take an action for ten thousand pounds, he says.
Before Rudy was born. Feel a gap. I forgot to tap Tom Kernan.
To give you the idea you are eating rumpsteak. Tell me who made the world. 
 —Stone ginger, Davy Byrne added civilly.
He. Pastille that was fell. An old friend of mine. Easier than the dreamy creamy stuff. Police whistle in my ears still. Imagine drinking that! Rats: vats. Stop. His five hundred wives. Homerule sun rising up in the northwest.
Taree tara. Kosher. No lard for them. Wine in my face. Lucky it didn’t. I’m a long time threatening to buy one. She used to say Ben Dollard had a base barreltone voice. His wallface frowned weakly. Give us that brisket off the hook. I believe you. Must be washed in rainwater. Open. Nasty customers to tackle. Absurd. Great man’s brother: his brother’s brother. Where did I?
Cascades of ribbons. Two. She broke off suddenly.
That’s right. Go and lose more. Library.
High tea. And the other one Lizzie Twigg. She used to say Ben Dollard had a base barreltone voice. 
 —Come, Mr Bloom said.
First catch your hare. I have them all on. Their little frolic after meals. Taree tara. Du de la is French. Read with their fingers. Like a child’s hand, his hand. Pendennis? My memory is getting. Tom Rochford spilt powder from a twisted paper into the water set before him.
What dreams would he have, not seeing? Life a dream for him. Flayed glasseyed sheep hung from their haunches, sheepsnouts bloodypapered snivelling nosejam on sawdust. A dead snip.
There is not in this wide world a vallee. Slight spasm, full, chewing the cud. Not think.
Mr Bloom coasted warily. I have them all on. 
 —Thanks, sir.
Now he’s really what they call a dirty jew. The squallers. Not see. Wouldn’t have it of course because he didn’t think of it himself first. Good pick me up. Nine she had. Turnedup trousers. 
 —All on the baker’s list, Mrs Breen said.
Handy man wants job. No families themselves to feed. Stuck, the flies buzzed.
Suppose she did Pygmalion and Galatea what would she say first? Mortal! Put you in your proper place. Kept her voice up to the very last. Theodore’s cousin in Dublin Castle. Wispish hair over her ears. She’s three days bad now.
Karma they call that transmigration for sins you did in a past life the reincarnation met him pike hoses. Rhubarb tart with liberal fillings, rich fruit interior. Why do they call that thing they gave me nutsteak? Nutarians. Eating with a stopwatch, thirtytwo chews to the minute. Please take one. Thinking of Spain. Peace and war depend on some fellow’s digestion. Shelter, for the night.
Hermit with a platter of pulse keep down the stings of the flesh. Want to make good pastry, butter, best flour, Demerara sugar, or they’d taste it with the hot tea. Prepare to receive soup.
After their feed with a good load of fat soup under their belts. Fascinating little book that is of sir Robert Ball’s. Watch!
After two. They could: and watch it all the way down, swallow a pin sometimes come out of the ribs years after, tour round the body changing biliary duct spleen squirting liver gastric juice coils of intestines like pipes. 
 —Stone ginger, Davy Byrne added civilly.
Cheese digests all but itself. Bath of course does that. Always liked to let her self out. I’d like to see them do the black fast Yom Kippur. Her ears ought to have tingled for a few weeks after. Could whistle in his own ear. What a stupid ad! Under the obituary notices they stuck it. Out half the night.
And we stuffing food in one hole and out behind: food, chyle, blood, dung, earth, food: have to feed it like stoking an engine. Theodore’s cousin in Dublin Castle. Thick feet that woman has in the white stockings. He gazed round the stooled and tabled eaters, tightening the wings of his nose.
Also the day I threw that stale cake out of the Erin’s King picked it up in the wake fifty yards astern. Geese stuffed silly for them. 
 —And is he doing for the Freeman? Davy Byrne said.
Goodbye. Cold statues: quiet there. 
 —Jack, love!
Since I fed the birds five minutes. Crusty old topers in wigs. If she had married she would have changed. Fear injects juices make it tender enough for them. Barrel of Bass. How can you own water really? It’s always flowing in a stream, never the same, which in the stream of life we trace. Always liked to let her self out. Ha? Did you, faith?
No-one. All trotting down with porringers and tommycans to be filled. Hereditary taste.
For her birthday perhaps. Not that I heard of. Would you go back to then? Just beginning then. I suppose they really were short of money. One tony relative in every family. Led on by the smell or the look. He always walks outside the lampposts. Write it in the library.
Rummaging. Life with hard labour. Mr Bloom touched her funnybone gently, warning her:
Countrybred chawbacon. I must answer. 
 —Breadsoda is very good, Davy Byrne said.
Didn’t take a feather out of her my handling them. Stonewall or fivebarred gate put her mount to it. Rover cycleshop. People looking after her.

[ 09 ScyllaCharybdis ]

Our Father who art in purgatory. A man of genius makes no mistakes. And as the mole on my right breast is where it was when I was born, though all my body has been woven of new stuff time after time, so through the ghost of the unquiet father the image of the unliving son looks forth. Not even so much. Joyfully he thrust message and envelope into a pocket but keened in a querulous brogue:
Shy, supping with the godless, he sneaks the cup. Art has to reveal to us ideas, formless spiritual essences. Lifted.
Caulfield Irwin. Lapwing you are.       In quintessential triviality
        For years in this fleshcase a shesoul dwelt.
Let us hear what you have to say of Richard and Edmund. In. I seem to know the name.
In Cymbeline, in Othello he is bawd and cuckold. What’s in a name? That is what we ask ourselves in childhood when we write the name that we are told is ours. How else could Aubrey’s ostler and callboy get rich quick? All events brought grist to his mill. 
 —But this prying into the family life of a great man, Russell began impatiently.
The ages succeed one another. Agenbite of inwit: remorse of conscience. 
 —Whom do you suspect? he challenged.
Nor should we forget Mr Frank Harris.       His legal knowledge was great
        Our judges tell us.
       Whelps and dams of murderous foes whom none
         But we had spared...
He drew Shylock out of his own long pocket. She put the comether on him, sweet and twentysix. Engulfed with wailing creecries, whirled, whirling, they bewail.
I mean, we have the plays. And one more to hail him: ave, rabbi: the Tinahely twelve. And my turn? When?
Oddly enough he too draws for us an unhappy relation with the dark lady of the sonnets. O, I fear me, he is Greeker than the Greeks. And his Dulcinea? James Stephens is doing some clever sketches. Excellent people, no doubt, but distressingly shortsighted in some matters.
I mean, a kind of private paper, don’t you know, of his private life. The motion is ended. From these words Mr Best turned an unoffending face to Stephen.
‘Twas murmur we did for a gallus potion would rouse a friar, I’m thinking, and he limp with leching. Last night I flew. His boyson’s death is the deathscene of young Arthur in King John. Evans, conduct this gentleman.. A knight of the rueful countenance here in Dublin. The lost armada is his jeer in Love’s Labour Lost. where he proves that the sonnets were written by a Willie Hughes, a man all hues.
Did you see his eye? He looked upon you to lust after you. Victory. Steadfast John replied severe:
Take her for me. Amor matris, subjective and objective genitive, may be the only true thing in life. He clasped his paunchbrow with both birthaiding hands.
Veils fall. Word known to all men. You cannot eat your cake and have it.
The deepest poetry of Shelley, the words of Hamlet bring our minds into contact with the eternal wisdom, Plato’s world of ideas. It doubles itself in the middle of his life, reflects itself in another, repeats itself, protasis, epitasis, catastasis, catastrophe.       
       Being afraid to marry on earth
        They masturbated for all they were worth.
O.P. must work off bad karma first. Shy, deny thy kindred, the unco guid. The shining seven W.B. Just mix up a mixture of theolologicophilolological. His pageants, the histories, sail fullbellied on a tide of Mafeking enthusiasm. Nor should we forget Mr Frank Harris. 
 —A pleased bottom.
Whereto? Newhaven-Dieppe, steerage passenger. Evans, conduct this gentleman.. Let me think.
Taim in mo shagart. He returns after a life of absence to that spot of earth where he was born, where he has always been, man and boy, a silent witness and there, his journey of life ended, he plants his mulberrytree in the earth. A like fate awaits him and the two rages commingle in a whirlpool.
In. Last night I flew. He creaked to and fro, tiptoing up nearer heaven by the altitude of a chopine, and, covered by the noise of outgoing, said low:
A player comes on under the shadow, made up in the castoff mail of a court buck, a wellset man with a bass voice. He returns after a life of absence to that spot of earth where he was born, where he has always been, man and boy, a silent witness and there, his journey of life ended, he plants his mulberrytree in the earth.       Flow over them with your waves and with your waters, Mananaan,
         Mananaan MacLir...
He returns after a life of absence to that spot of earth where he was born, where he has always been, man and boy, a silent witness and there, his journey of life ended, he plants his mulberrytree in the earth. That Portrait of Mr W. Remember.
If you deny that in the fifth scene of Hamlet he has branded her with infamy tell me why there is no mention of her during the thirtyfour years between the day she married him and the day she buried him. Dowden believes there is some mystery in Hamlet but will say no more. Horseness is the whatness of allhorse. We know nothing but that he lived and suffered. Buck Mulligan, his pious eyes upturned, prayed:
In. A great poet on a great brother poet. He Who Himself begot middler the Holy Ghost and Himself sent Himself, Agenbuyer, between Himself and others, Who, put upon by His fiends, stripped and whipped, was nailed like bat to barndoor, starved on crosstree, Who let Him bury, stood up, harrowed hell, fared into heaven and there these nineteen hundred years sitteth on the right hand of His Own Self but yet shall come in the latter day to doom the quick and dead when all the quick shall be dead already.
Five months. Did you meet him? He’ll see you after at the D. A laugh tripped over his lips.
Two deeds are rank in that ghost’s mind: a broken vow and the dullbrained yokel on whom her favour has declined, deceased husband’s brother. Did you meet him? He’ll see you after at the D. Hast thou found me, O mine enemy?
We walk through ourselves, meeting robbers, ghosts, giants, old men, young men, wives, widows, brothers-in-love, but always meeting ourselves. Pater, ait. No.
Pater, ait. The sheeted mirror. Blushing, his mask said:
I am big with child. He wrote the play in the months that followed his father’s death. I mean, we have the plays. A creamfruit melon he held to me. I hope you are going to say a good word for Richard, don’t you know, for my sake. Let us hear what you have to say of Richard and Edmund. To a son he speaks, the son of his soul, the prince, young Hamlet and to the son of his body, Hamnet Shakespeare, who has died in Stratford that his namesake may live for ever.
Signed: Dedalus. The bear Sackerson growls in the pit near it, Paris garden.       Whelps and dams of murderous foes whom none
         But we had spared...
They go, they come. Men wondered. He went on and down, mopping, chanting with waving graceful arms:
Through spaces smaller than red globules of man’s blood they creepycrawl after Blake’s buttocks into eternity of which this vegetable world is but a shadow. Thursday. List! List! O List!
Victory. My casque and sword. D.
It is a mystical estate, an apostolic succession, from only begetter to only begotten.       
       Him Satan fleers,
        Mocker:
        And therefore he left out her name
        From the first draft but he did not leave out
        The presents for his granddaughter, for his daughters,
        For his sister, for his old cronies in Stratford
        And in London.
 The playwright who wrote the folio of this world and wrote it badly (He gave us light first and the sun two days later), the lord of things as they are whom the most Roman of catholics call dio boia, hangman god, is doubtless all in all in all of us, ostler and butcher, and would be bawd and cuckold too but that in the economy of heaven, foretold by Hamlet, there are no more marriages, glorified man, an androgynous angel, being a wife unto himself.
One life is all. I am other I now. If the earthquake did not time it we should know where to place poor Wat, sitting in his form, the cry of hounds, the studded bridle and her blue windows. Three. Lover of an ideal or a perversion, like José he kills the real Carmen. On that mystery and not on the madonna which the cunning Italian intellect flung to the mob of Europe the church is founded and founded irremovably because founded, like the world, macro and microcosm, upon the void. The light touch.
Beauty and peace have not done it away. He found in the world without as actual what was in his world within as possible. 
 —What? asked Besteglinton.
Venus has twisted her lips in prayer. in which everyone can find his own. Come, wandering Ængus of the birds.
Did he? I hope you’ll be able to come tonight. It is the ghost, the king, a king and no king, and the player is Shakespeare who has studied Hamlet all the years of his life which were not vanity in order to play the part of the spectre. She bore his children and she laid pennies on his eyes to keep his eyelids closed when he lay on his deathbed.
It’s the very essence of Wilde, don’t you know. His art, more than the art of feudalism as Walt Whitman called it, is the art of surfeit. He will see in them grotesque attempts of nature to foretell or to repeat himself.
In words of words for words, palabras. The hawklike man. Engulfed with wailing creecries, whirled, whirling, they bewail.
The hawklike man. Cypherjugglers going the highroads. Portals of discovery opened to let in the quaker librarian, softcreakfooted, bald, eared and assiduous.
But those who are done to death in sleep cannot know the manner of their quell unless their Creator endow their souls with that knowledge in the life to come. The flag is up on the playhouse by the bankside. Only crows, priests and English coal are black.
O.P. Shylock chimes with the jewbaiting that followed the hanging and quartering of the queen’s leech Lopez, his jew’s heart being plucked forth while the sheeny was yet alive: Hamlet and Macbeth with the coming to the throne of a Scotch philosophaster with a turn for witchroasting. She died, for literature at least, before she was born.
We should not now combine a Norse saga with an excerpt from a novel by George Meredith. Allfather, the heavenly man. Thanks.
His pale Galilean eyes were upon her mesial groove. One always feels that Goethe’s judgments are so true. Venus Kallipyge. Idly writing.. Five months. Fox and geese. I fear thee, ancient mariner. The Gaelic league wants something in Irish. Me? Says he’s your father, sir. Agenbite of inwit: remorse of conscience. And as the mole on my right breast is where it was when I was born, though all my body has been woven of new stuff time after time, so through the ghost of the unquiet father the image of the unliving son looks forth. He has revealed it in the sonnets where there is Will in overplus. It is an age of exhausted whoredom groping for its god.
Him, then Cranly, Mulligan: now these. If others have their will Ann hath a way. Puck Mulligan footed featly, trilling:
Aristotle’s experiment. She took his first embraces. Lapwing.
Will you please?.. Mr Magee, sir, there’s a gentleman to see you. I suppose it explains your fantastical humour.
Do you think he has genius really? Yeats admired his line: As in wild earth a Grecian vase. Will you please?.. A man passed out between them, bowing, greeting.
Fox and geese. His image, wandering, he met. The door closed behind the outgoer.
Is Katharine the shrew illfavoured? Hortensio calls her young and beautiful. She took his first embraces. Abbey Theatre! I smell the pubic sweat of monks.
Dowden believes there is some mystery in Hamlet but will say no more. Art has to reveal to us ideas, formless spiritual essences. Stephen, greeting, then all amort, followed a lubber jester, a wellkempt head, newbarbered, out of the vaulted cell into a shattering daylight of no thought.
If you hold that he, a greying man with two marriageable daughters, with thirtyfive years of life, nel mezzo del cammin di nostra vita, with fifty of experience, is the beardless undergraduate from Wittenberg then you must hold that his seventyyear old mother is the lustful queen. Shakespeare Bacon’s wild oats.       
       Being afraid to marry on earth
        They masturbated for all they were worth.
Cordoglio. It shone by day in the heavens alone, brighter than Venus in the night, and by night it shone over delta in Cassiopeia, the recumbent constellation which is the signature of his initial among the stars. How now, sirrah, that pound he lent you when you were hungry?
Venus has twisted her lips in prayer. The Christ with the bridesister, moisture of light, born of an ensouled virgin, repentant sophia, departed to the plane of buddhi. Kilkenny.. 
 —For Willie Hughes, is it not? the quaker librarian asked.
wanted..       His legal knowledge was great
        Our judges tell us.
 He’s out in pampooties to murder you.

[ 10 WanderingRocks ]

After liquids came solids. Low blackguardism! I’m going to get rid of you. 
 —Barang!
Bloom was pointing out all the stars and the comets in the heavens to Chris Callinan and the jarvey: the great bear and Hercules and the dragon, and the whole jingbang lot. Sure, the blooming thing is all over. Through here.
Passing the ivy church he reflected that the ticket inspector usually made his visit when one had carelessly thrown away the ticket. He passed a blind stripling opposite Broadbent’s. Only God knew and she and he, her husband’s brother.
Flesh yielded amply amid rumpled clothes: whites of eyes swooning up. Bravely he bore his stumpy body forward on spatted feet, squaring his shoulders. Tom Rochford took the top disk from the pile he clasped against his claret waistcoat.
His wife, Father Conmee supposed. He’s as like it as damn it. Jimmy Henry made a grimace and lifted his left foot.
A sailorman, rustbearded, sips from a beaker rum and eyes her. When is it? May the twentysecond. The end.
That book by the Belgian jesuit, Le Nombre des Élus, seemed to Father Conmee a reasonable plea. A plump bare generous arm shone, was seen, held forth from a white petticoatbodice and taut shiftstraps. Fellow might damn easy get a nasty fall there coming along tight in the dark.
I’ll ring them up after five. Plates: infants cuddled in a ball in bloodred wombs like livers of slaughtered cows. Father Conmee smiled and nodded and smiled and walked along Mountjoy square east.
How was that? The last night pa was boosed he was standing on the landing there bawling out for his boots to go out to Tunney’s for to boose more and he looked butty and short in his shirt. Adderly and W. He’s going to say a word to long John to get him to take those two men off. Listen: the man.
We started singing glees and duets: Lo, the early beam of morning. By God, she had Bloom cornered. It’s rather interesting because professor Pokorny of Vienna makes an interesting point out of that.
I told her of Paris. He said he’ll be in the Ormond at four. 
 —Sister Mary Patrick, Maggy said.
Mr Lenehan, yes. Where was the marshal, he wanted to know, to keep order in the council chamber. John Wyse Nolan, lagging behind, reading the list, came after them quickly down Cork hill.

[ 11 Sirens ]

Still hold her back. Sings too: Down among the dead men. Pray for him! Pray, good people!
Cloche. Greasy I knows. Get shut of it. Wire in yet?
Dignam. He waits while you wait. Who?
A lyrical tenor if you like. A blade of grass, shell of her hands, then blow. What?
Lullaby. Tram kran kran kran. Sings too: Down among the dead men. Wait.
Three holes, all women. Yes, gold from anear by bronze from afar. 
 —Tiptop.
Wise child that knows her father, Dedalus said. Dignam. Keep my mind off.
Order. Rebound of garter. Old Glynn fifty quid a year. Pwee little wee. See. Useless pain. O, she need not trouble. Want to. Shah of Persia liked that best. 
 —With it, Simon.
Dislike that job. Tap. 
 —When first I saw that form endearing...
She listens. Blackbird I heard in the hawthorn valley. Sonnez la cloche! O do! There’s no-one.

[ 12 Cyclops ]

It was then queried whether there were any special desires on the part of the defunct and the reply was: We greet you, friends of earth, who are still in the body. H., M. O’Nolan, clad in shining armour, low bending made obeisance to the puissant and high and mighty chief of all Erin and did him to wit of that which had befallen, how that the grave elders of the most obedient city, second of the realm, had met them in the tholsel, and there, after due prayers to the gods who dwell in ether supernal, had taken solemn counsel whereby they might, if so be it might be, bring once more into honour among mortal men the winged speech of the seadivided Gael.
It was a fight to a finish and the best man for it. It was then queried whether there were any special desires on the part of the defunct and the reply was: We greet you, friends of earth, who are still in the body. How is your testament? Have you got an old testament? Only Paddy was passing there, I tell you what. Thomas Aquinas and S. Tupper loves officer Taylor. 
 —I won’t mention any names, says Alf.
I couldn’t phone. John of God and S. Cursed by God.
It was a fight to a finish and the best man for it. Your God was a jew. She’d have won the money only for the other dog.
Flanagan, C. Hell upon earth it is. Love, moya! He’s a nice pattern of a Romeo and Juliet.
P.; the rev. Ita and S. That’s the great empire they boast about of drudges and whipped serfs.
Shakespeare, Brian Confucius, Murtagh Gutenberg, Patricio Velasquez, Captain Nemo, Tristan and Isolde, the first Prince of Wales, Thomas Cook and Son, the Bold Soldier Boy, Arrah na Pogue, Dick Turpin, Ludwig Beethoven, the Colleen Bawn, Waddler Healy, Angus the Culdee, Dolly Mount, Sidney Parade, Ben Howth, Valentine Greatrakes, Adam and Eve, Arthur Wellesley, Boss Croker, Herodotus, Jack the Giantkiller, Gautama Buddha, Lady Godiva, The Lily of Killarney, Balor of the Evil Eye, the Queen of Sheba, Acky Nagle, Joe Nagle, Alessandro Volta, Jeremiah O’Donovan Rossa, Don Philip O’Sullivan Beare. Anonymous and S. We must be quick. P., the cattle traders.
The ceremony which went off with great éclat was characterised by the most affecting cordiality. And shaking Bloom’s hand doing the tragic to tell her that. 
 —Ay, ay, says Joe.
P., K. That’s what he is. Here, citizen.
John M. Jesus, I couldn’t get over that bloody foxy Geraghty, the daylight robber. As a matter of fact I just wanted to meet Martin Cunningham, don’t you see, about this insurance of poor Dignam’s. John Lavery, V. James Murphy, S. How are you blowing? Did you see that bloody chimneysweep near shove my eye out with his brush?
There rises a watchtower beheld of men afar. Pisser Burke was telling me in the hotel the wife used to be in rivers of tears some times with Mrs O’Dowd crying her eyes out with her eight inches of fat all over her. 
 —What’s yours? says Joe.
Blind to the world up in a shebeen in Bride street after closing time, fornicating with two shawls and a bully on guard, drinking porter out of teacups. James the Less and S. 
 —There he is again, says the citizen, staring out.
And who was sitting up there in the corner that I hadn’t seen snoring drunk blind to the world only Bob Doran. Distance no object. 
 —Is that a good Christ, says Bob Doran, to take away poor little Willy Dignam?
Asked if he had any message for the living he exhorted all who were still at the wrong side of Maya to acknowledge the true path for it was reported in devanic circles that Mars and Jupiter were out for mischief on the eastern angle where the ram has power. I declare to my antimacassar if you took up a straw from the bloody floor and if you said to Bloom: Look at, Bloom. I hope I’m not...
Picture of him on the wall with his Smashall Sweeney’s moustaches, the signior Brini from Summerhill, the eyetallyano, papal Zouave to the Holy Father, has left the quay and gone to Moss street. I feel I cannot usefully add anything to that. Our travellers reached the rustic hostelry and alighted from their palfreys.
Attracta and S. Selling bazaar tickets or what do you call it royal Hungarian privileged lottery. Quirke, etc., etc.
D.; the rt rev. Con.): Honourable members are already in possession of the evidence produced before a committee of the whole house. 
 —You, Jack? Crofton? Three half ones, Terry.
Hole. Force, hatred, history, all that. And says Bloom:
The deafening claps of thunder and the dazzling flashes of lightning which lit up the ghastly scene testified that the artillery of heaven had lent its supernatural pomp to the already gruesome spectacle. J., and every male that’s born they think it may be their Messiah. God, he gave him one last puck in the wind, Queensberry rules and all, made him puke what he never ate.
Cute as a shithouse rat. and F. Honoured sir i beg to offer my services in the abovementioned painful case i hanged Joe Gann in Bootle jail on the 12 of Febuary 1900 and i hanged...
Quite an excellent repast consisting of rashers and eggs, fried steak and onions, done to a nicety, delicious hot breakfast rolls and invigorating tea had been considerately provided by the authorities for the consumption of the central figure of the tragedy who was in capital spirits when prepared for death and evinced the keenest interest in the proceedings from beginning to end but he, with an abnegation rare in these our times, rose nobly to the occasion and expressed the dying wish (immediately acceded to) that the meal should be divided in aliquot parts among the members of the sick and indigent roomkeepers’ association as a token of his regard and esteem. Pseudonymous and S. For trading without a licence, says he.
Also now. J., a postcard is publication. 
 —There he is, says I, in his gloryhole, with his cruiskeen lawn and his load of papers, working for the cause.
Here, Terry, give us a pony. And round he goes to Bob Doran that was standing Alf a half one sucking up for what he could get. Thereon embossed in excellent smithwork was seen the image of a queen of regal port, scion of the house of Brunswick, Victoria her name, Her Most Excellent Majesty, by grace of God of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland and of the British dominions beyond the sea, queen, defender of the faith, Empress of India, even she, who bore rule, a victress over many peoples, the wellbeloved, for they knew and loved her from the rising of the sun to the going down thereof, the pale, the dark, the ruddy and the ethiop.
The scenes depicted on the emunctory field, showing our ancient duns and raths and cromlechs and grianauns and seats of learning and maledictive stones, are as wonderfully beautiful and the pigments as delicate as when the Sligo illuminators gave free rein to their artistic fantasy long long ago in the time of the Barmecides. She brought back to his recollection the happy days of blissful childhood together on the banks of Anna Liffey when they had indulged in the innocent pastimes of the young and, oblivious of the dreadful present, they both laughed heartily, all the spectators, including the venerable pastor, joining in the general merriment. 
 —Hello, Ned.
All wind and piss like a tanyard cat. The men came to handigrips. 
 —Three cheers for Israel!

[ 13 Nausicaa ]

Val Dillon. Yes now, look at it that way. Where was that? Ah, yes. I have such a bad headache today. Might be the one bit me, come back to see. Instead of talking about nothing. Done.
Course I never could throw anything straight at school. Particularly nice old party for a cup of tea. But not a pin cared Ciss.
Moonlight silver effulgence. Letter? No. The anchor’s weighed. Just changes when you’re on the track of the secret. That was just like Cissycums. Suppose he hit me. Call to the hospital to see. But she was sincerity itself, one of the bravest and truest hearts heaven ever made, not one of your twofaced things, too sweet to be wholesome.
He was but eleven months and nine days old and, though still a tiny toddler, was just beginning to lisp his first babyish words. Houses of mourning so depressing because you never know. Wylie who was racing in the bicycle races in Trinity college university. Buried the poor husband but progressing favourably on the premium. Bailey light. Inclination prompted her to speak out: dignity told her to be silent. That causes movement. Someone ought to take them and give them a good hiding for themselves to keep them in their places, the both of them. Heat brought it out. And kissed my hand when I gave her the extra two shillings. The colours were done something lovely. Took off her hat to show her hair. She was pronounced beautiful by all who knew her though, as folks often said, she was more a Giltrap than a MacDowell. That brought us out of the land of Egypt and into the house of bondage. Excitement. How can people aim guns at each other. But this was altogether different from a thing like that because there was all the difference because she could almost feel him draw her face to his and the first quick hot touch of his handsome lips. Where I come in. Race there, race back to Ennis. Nature. At once! And you, Jacky, for shame to throw poor Tommy in the dirty sand. And pray for us. I am a fool perhaps. Howth a while ago amethyst. She was in a soft clinging white in a studied attitude and the gentleman was in chocolate and he looked a thorough aristocrat. Keeps them out of harm’s way. Daresay she felt I. Ask yourself who is he now. Remember that till their dying day. It is for you, Gertrude MacDowell, and you know it.
Imagine that in the early morning at close range. Or what they say.       Her maiden name was Jemina Brown
         And she lived with her mother in Irishtown.
She loved to read poetry and when she got a keepsake from Bertha Supple of that lovely confession album with the coralpink cover to write her thoughts in she laid it in the drawer of her toilettable which, though it did not err on the side of luxury, was scrupulously neat and clean. Rip van Winkle we played. Edy told him no, no and to be off now with him and she told Cissy Caffrey not to give in to him.
Again. Bold hand: Mrs Marion. She put an arm round the little mariner and coaxed winningly:
Washed away. Must come back. It was all no use soothering him with no, nono, baby, no and telling him about the geegee and where was the puffpuff but Ciss, always readywitted, gave him in his mouth the teat of the suckingbottle and the young heathen was quickly appeased.
And Mrs Breen and Mrs Dignam once like that too, marriageable. Might get piles myself. Ah. She would make the great sacrifice. Or the one in Grafton street. What is it? Heliotrope? No. Big brutes of oceangoing steamers floundering along in the dark, lowing out like seacows. Same style of beauty. So it returns. Roses, I think. She was glad that something told her to put on the transparent stockings thinking Reggy Wylie might be out but that was far away. Till then they had only exchanged glances of the most casual but now under the brim of her new hat she ventured a look at him and the face that met her gaze there in the twilight, wan and strangely drawn, seemed to her the saddest she had ever seen.
She leaned on the sideboard watching. It’s so hard to find one who. Call that innocence? Poor idiot! His wife has her work cut out for her. Wonderful eyes they were, superbly expressive, but could you trust them? People were so queer. Call to the hospital to see. And she can do the other. No. Poor child! Strange moment for the mother too. She was wearing the blue for luck, hoping against hope, her own colour and lucky too for a bride to have a bit of blue somewhere on her because the green she wore that day week brought grief because his father brought him in to study for the intermediate exhibition and because she thought perhaps he might be out because when she was dressing that morning she nearly slipped up the old pair on her inside out and that was for luck and lovers’ meeting if you put those things on inside out or if they got untied that he was thinking about you so long as it wasn’t of a Friday.
Her figure was slight and graceful, inclining even to fragility but those iron jelloids she had been taking of late had done her a world of good much better than the Widow Welch’s female pills and she was much better of those discharges she used to get and that tired feeling. She was a womanly woman not like other flighty girls unfeminine he had known, those cyclists showing off what they hadn’t got and she just yearned to know all, to forgive all if she could make him fall in love with her, make him forget the memory of the past. And if ever after he dared to presume she could give him one look of measured scorn that would make him shrivel up on the spot. That squinty one is delicate. Nuns with whitewashed faces, cool coifs and their rosaries going up and down, vindictive too for what they can’t get. But then you’re in a cart. Might be still up. It is for you, Gertrude MacDowell, and you know it.
Excitement. He was but eleven months and nine days old and, though still a tiny toddler, was just beginning to lisp his first babyish words. And careworn hearts were there and toilers for their daily bread and many who had erred and wandered, their eyes wet with contrition but for all that bright with hope for the reverend father Father Hughes had told them what the great saint Bernard said in his famous prayer of Mary, the most pious Virgin’s intercessory power that it was not recorded in any age that those who implored her powerful protection were ever abandoned by her.
But Dignam’s put the boots on it. For Gerty had her dreams that no-one knew of. His eyes burned into her as though they would search her through and through, read her very soul. Needless to say poor Tommy was not slow to voice his dismay but luckily the gentleman in black who was sitting there by himself came gallantly to the rescue and intercepted the ball. Dress up and look and suggest and let you see and see more and defy you if you’re a man to see that and, like a sneeze coming, legs, look, look and if you have any guts in you. The name too. Lord, I am wet. But Cissy Caffrey told baby Boardman to look up, look up high at her finger and she snatched the ball quickly and threw it along the sand and Tommy after it in full career, having won the day.
Sometimes children turn out well enough. Sometimes they go off. Still you have to get rid of it someway. She’s worth ten, fifteen, more, a pound. Wait till I catch you for that.
Nerve they have to fly over the ocean and back. Come on. I never told her. Friction of the position. And his wife engagement in the country valise, voice like a pickaxe. Hm. Because I did. You are lovely, Gerty, it said. Penance for their sins. Chance. Were those nightclouds there all the time? Looks like a phantom ship. Martha, the bath, funeral, house of Keyes, museum with those goddesses, Dedalus’ song. Round the Kish in eighty days. Sharp as needles they are. And then a rocket sprang and bang shot blind blank and O! then the Roman candle burst and it was like a sigh of O! and everyone cried O! O! in raptures and it gushed out of it a stream of rain gold hair threads and they shed and ah! they were all greeny dewy stars falling with golden, O so lovely, O, soft, sweet, soft!
And pray for us. What? I think so. She’s worth ten, fifteen, more, a pound. Women never meet one like that Wilkins in the high school drawing a picture of Venus with all his belongings on show. Devil you are. Grab at all that offer. They floated, fell: they faded. Then they could talk about her till they went blue in the face, Bertha Supple too, and Edy, little spitfire, because she would be twentytwo in November. Dearest Papli. Many a time and oft were they wont to come there to that favourite nook to have a cosy chat beside the sparkling waves and discuss matters feminine, Cissy Caffrey and Edy Boardman with the baby in the pushcar and Tommy and Jacky Caffrey, two little curlyheaded boys, dressed in sailor suits with caps to match and the name H. She would try to understand him because men were so different. Dreamt last night? Wait. Picking holes in each other’s appearance. Like flowers. Her widow’s mite. It was there she kept her girlish treasure trove, the tortoiseshell combs, her child of Mary badge, the whiterose scent, the eyebrowleine, her alabaster pouncetbox and the ribbons to change when her things came home from the wash and there were some beautiful thoughts written in it in violet ink that she bought in Hely’s of Dame Street for she felt that she too could write poetry if she could only express herself like that poem that appealed to her so deeply that she had copied out of the newspaper she found one evening round the potherbs. Yours for the asking. J., rosary, sermon and benediction of the Most Blessed Sacrament. Wish I had a full length oilpainting of her then. Don’t want it they throw it at you. Rocket and breeches buoy and lifeboat. Your head it simply swirls. Come. Lose your customers that way. Mat Dillon and his bevy of daughters: Tiny, Atty, Floey, Maimy, Louy, Hetty. Keep that thing up for hours. What though? Cigary gloves long John had on his desk the other day. She leaned back far to look up where the fireworks were and she caught her knee in her hands so as not to fall back looking up and there was no-one to see only him and her when she revealed all her graceful beautifully shaped legs like that, supply soft and delicately rounded, and she seemed to hear the panting of his heart, his hoarse breathing, because she knew too about the passion of men like that, hotblooded, because Bertha Supple told her once in dead secret and made her swear she’d never about the gentleman lodger that was staying with them out of the Congested Districts Board that had pictures cut out of papers of those skirtdancers and highkickers and she said he used to do something not very nice that you could imagine sometimes in the bed. More put out about a hole in her stocking. Glad to get away from other chap’s wife. Here. Looking out over the sea she told me. Very likely. Hands felt for the opulent. Not going to hurt you. She had loved him better than he knew. After supper walk a mile. Stare the sun for example like the eagle then look at a shoe see a blotch blob yellowish. She was in a soft clinging white in a studied attitude and the gentleman was in chocolate and he looked a thorough aristocrat. Something in the air. Milly for example drying her handkerchief on the mirror to save the ironing. All that the hand says when you touch. It was Madame Vera Verity, directress of the Woman Beautiful page of the Princess Novelette, who had first advised her to try eyebrowleine which gave that haunting expression to the eyes, so becoming in leaders of fashion, and she had never regretted it. The tree of forbidden priest. Swell of her calf. That gouger M’Coy stopping me to say nothing. Year before we. Hanging on to a plank or astride of a beam for grim life, lifebelt round him, gulping salt water, and that’s the last of his nibs till the sharks catch hold of him. Excitement. And when the painters were in Lombard street west. There was the allimportant question and she was dying to know was he a married man or a widower who had lost his wife or some tragedy like the nobleman with the foreign name from the land of song had to have her put into a madhouse, cruel only to be kind. Woman and man that is. Twenty years asleep in Sleepy Hollow. Let it go.
Is it only half fun? Or children playing battle. Wonder is there any magnetic influence between the person because that was about the time he. It is for you, Gertrude MacDowell, and you know it.
Sticks too like a summer cold, sore on the mouth. But might happen sometime, I don’t think. 
 —Jacky! Tommy!
Complimented perhaps. Shoals of them every evening poured out of offices. Ah!
Or ask you what someone was going to say when he changed his mind and stopped. Liverpool boat long gone. Half dream. She would fain have cried to him chokingly, held out her snowy slender arms to him to come, to feel his lips laid on her white brow, the cry of a young girl’s love, a little strangled cry, wrung from her, that cry that has rung through the ages. Bertha Supple told that once to Edy Boardman, a deliberate lie, when she was black out at daggers drawn with Gerty (the girl chums had of course their little tiffs from time to time like the rest of mortals) and she told her not to let on whatever she did that it was her that told her or she’d never speak to her again. Smell that I did. Wait till I catch you for that.
Off colour after Kiernan’s, Dignam’s. Mutoscope pictures in Capel street: for men only. Tableau! That would have been a very charming exposé for a gentleman like that to witness.
Just changes when you’re on the track of the secret. Chickens come home to roost. Takes it for granted we’re going to pop off first. Poor girl! That’s why she’s left on the shelf and the others did a sprint. For instance if you go into a cellar where it’s dark. That half tabbywhite tortoiseshell in the City Arms with the letter em on her forehead. Still it was a kind of language between us. 
 —If you fail try again, Edy Boardman said.
Almost see them shimmering, kind of a bluey white. Nothing else mattered. Let me.
Taking a man from another woman. After supper walk a mile. Lovers: yum yum.
She did. She leaned on the sideboard watching. She must have been thinking of someone else all the time. Best place for an ad to catch a woman’s eye on a mirror. Lots must be killed in storms, telegraph wires. O, her mouth in the dark! And you a married man with a single girl! That’s what they enjoy. And says she and says he. Lord! It was all things combined. Wife locked up at home, skeleton in the cupboard. That squinty one is delicate. Come on. Wish I had a full length oilpainting of her then. Instance, that cat this morning on the staircase. Same time doing it scraped her slipper on the floor so they wouldn’t hear. By screens of lighted windows, by equal gardens a shrill voice went crying, wailing: Evening Telegraph, stop press edition! Result of the Gold Cup races! and from the door of Dignam’s house a boy ran out and called. All changed. Bottle with story of a treasure in it, thrown from a wreck. Well? What do you expect her to do? Must wheedle her way along. Must call to those Scottish Widows as I promised. Winkle: cockles and periwinkles. Whole earnest. Would you mind, please, telling me the right time? I’ll tell you the right time up a dark lane. Far in the grey a bell chimed. Vamp of her stockings. Her wellturned ankle displayed its perfect proportions beneath her skirt and just the proper amount and no more of her shapely limbs encased in finespun hose with highspliced heels and wide garter tops. That diffuses itself all through the body, permeates. Won’t sleep, though. And kissed my hand when I gave her the extra two shillings. Excitement. U.P.: up. Thinks I’m a tree, so blind. Chaps that would go to the dogs if some woman didn’t take them in hand. What? I think so. Taking a man from another woman. Where we. Because they want it themselves. White. And pray for us. Trust? Bread cast on the waters. Molly often told me feel things a ton weight. And the old major, partial to his drop of spirits. Felt for the curves inside her déshabillé. Dislike carrying bottles like that hag this morning. It was he who mattered and there was joy on her face because she wanted him because she felt instinctively that he was like no-one else. No-one would have thought the end was so near. Yes, I suppose, at once. Girl friends at school, arms round each other’s necks or with ten fingers locked, kissing and whispering secrets about nothing in the convent garden. Hopeless thing sand. Peeping Tom. That widow on Monday was it outside Cramer’s that looked at me. Hanging by his heels in the odour of sanctity. And among the five young trees a hoisted lintstock lit the lamp at Leahy’s terrace. Letter? No. I knew she could whistle. Or the one in Grafton street. Here. What about? Bad plan however if you don’t know how to end the conversation. Frightening them with masks too. Coastguards too. His little man-o’-war top and unmentionables were full of sand but Cissy was a past mistress in the art of smoothing over life’s tiny troubles and very quickly not one speck of sand was to be seen on his smart little suit. Trousers? Suppose I when I was? No. Enjoying nature now. She must have been thinking of someone else all the time. Always know a fellow courting: collars and cuffs. It would have served her just right if she had tripped up over something accidentally on purpose with her high crooked French heels on her to make her look tall and got a fine tumble. He brought it near his eyes and peered. Frightened she was when her nature came on her first. Page of an old copybook. Then if one thing stopped the whole ghesabo would stop bit by bit. Glass flashing. In their line.
It would have served her just right if she had tripped up over something accidentally on purpose with her high crooked French heels on her to make her look tall and got a fine tumble. Still you learn something. We can see from farther up.
A star I see. Bat again. With all the heart of her she longs to be his only, his affianced bride for riches for poor, in sickness in health, till death us two part, from this to this day forward.
O, father, will you? Let me be the first to. Blown in from the bay. And when the painters were in Lombard street west. Little piece of steel iron. Ticking. As God made them he matched them. I want a drink of water.
Bottle with story of a treasure in it, thrown from a wreck. Press the button and the bird will squeak. Then they trot you out some kind of a nondescript, wouldn’t know what to call her. Then if one thing stopped the whole ghesabo would stop bit by bit. Must nail that ad of Keyes’s. They believe in chance because like themselves. The apple of discord was a certain castle of sand which Master Jacky had built and Master Tommy would have it right go wrong that it was to be architecturally improved by a frontdoor like the Martello tower had. Have to let fly.
And the others inclined to give her an odd dig. After getting better asleep with Molly. His eyes burned into her as though they would search her through and through, read her very soul. And now? Sad about her lame of course but must be on your guard not to feel too much pity. The body feels the atmosphere. Her griddlecakes done to a goldenbrown hue and queen Ann’s pudding of delightful creaminess had won golden opinions from all because she had a lucky hand also for lighting a fire, dredge in the fine selfraising flour and always stir in the same direction, then cream the milk and sugar and whisk well the white of eggs though she didn’t like the eating part when there were any people that made her shy and often she wondered why you couldn’t eat something poetical like violets or roses and they would have a beautifully appointed drawingroom with pictures and engravings and the photograph of grandpapa Giltrap’s lovely dog Garryowen that almost talked it was so human and chintz covers for the chairs and that silver toastrack in Clery’s summer jumble sales like they have in rich houses. But lots of them can’t kick the beam, I think. Ye crags and peaks I’m with you once again. Drunkards out to shake up their livers. O sweet little, you don’t know how nice you looked. His dark eyes fixed themselves on her again drinking in her every contour, literally worshipping at her shrine. Her woman’s instinct told her that she had raised the devil in him and at the thought a burning scarlet swept from throat to brow till the lovely colour of her face became a glorious rose.
It hurt—O yes, it cut deep because Edy had her own quiet way of saying things like that she knew would wound like the confounded little cat she was. Shoals of them every evening poured out of offices. The eyes that were fastened upon her set her pulses tingling. Here. We’ll never meet again. Her widow’s mite. And they like dressing one another for the sacrifice. They were dabbling in the sand with their spades and buckets, building castles as children do, or playing with their big coloured ball, happy as the day was long. Who could count them? Never know what you find. Nuns with whitewashed faces, cool coifs and their rosaries going up and down, vindictive too for what they can’t get. Excitement. Martha, the bath, funeral, house of Keyes, museum with those goddesses, Dedalus’ song. Wonder what. You would have to travel many a long mile before you found a head of hair the like of that. Catch em alive, O. Just changes when you’re on the track of the secret. Molly. They floated, fell: they faded. How many have you left? Wouldn’t lend each other a pinch of salt.
Like what? Potted herrings gone stale or. Penance for their sins. I was only wondering was it late.
Suppose I spoke to her. She was about to retort but something checked the words on her tongue. It was all no use soothering him with no, nono, baby, no and telling him about the geegee and where was the puffpuff but Ciss, always readywitted, gave him in his mouth the teat of the suckingbottle and the young heathen was quickly appeased.
He was too young to understand. First thoughts are best. Pretty girls and ugly men marrying. Weeping willow. Or broken bottles in the furze act as a burning glass in the sun. Coastguards too. All fades. Ah!
Suppose it’s the only time we cross legs, seated. She smelt an onion. Far away in the west the sun was setting and the last glow of all too fleeting day lingered lovingly on sea and strand, on the proud promontory of dear old Howth guarding as ever the waters of the bay, on the weedgrown rocks along Sandymount shore and, last but not least, on the quiet church whence there streamed forth at times upon the stillness the voice of prayer to her who is in her pure radiance a beacon ever to the stormtossed heart of man, Mary, star of the sea.
Shame all put on before third person. Corns on his kismet however. He was looking up so intently, so still, and he saw her kick the ball and perhaps he could see the bright steel buckles of her shoes if she swung them like that thoughtfully with the toes down. When we hid behind the tree at Crumlin. Reserve better. She did it up all by herself and what joy was hers when she tried it on then, smiling at the lovely reflection which the mirror gave back to her! And when she put it on the waterjug to keep the shape she knew that that would take the shine out of some people she knew. Even if he was a protestant or methodist she could convert him easily if he truly loved her. That’s her perfume. Not so bad then. Except Guinness’s barges. Day we went out for the pleasure cruise in the Erin’s King, throwing them the sack of old papers. Till Mr Right comes along, then meet once in a blue moon. Her figure was slight and graceful, inclining even to fragility but those iron jelloids she had been taking of late had done her a world of good much better than the Widow Welch’s female pills and she was much better of those discharges she used to get and that tired feeling. Like a cat sitting beyond a dog’s jump. Lose your customers that way. A brief cold blaze shone from her eyes that spoke volumes of scorn immeasurable. Was it goodbye? No. Near Holyhead by now. You never saw him any way screwed but still and for all that she would not like him for a father because he was too old or something or on account of his face (it was a palpable case of Doctor Fell) or his carbuncly nose with the pimples on it and his sandy moustache a bit white under his nose. I felt her pulse. Have that in your nose in the dark, whiff of stale boose. Roses, I think. The colours were done something lovely. Green apples. Suppose it’s ever so many millions of tiny grains blown across. Page of an old copybook. It was dark brown with a natural wave in it. Lord!
But if Master Tommy was headstrong Master Jacky was selfwilled too and, true to the maxim that every little Irishman’s house is his castle, he fell upon his hated rival and to such purpose that the wouldbe assailant came to grief and (alas to relate!) the coveted castle too. Washing child, washing corpse. 
 —Haja ja ja haja.

[ 14 OxenOfTheSun ]

I anticipated some such reception, he began with an eldritch laugh, for which, it seems, history is to blame. But this was only to dye his desperation as cowed he crouched in Horne’s hall. And the traveller Leopold said that he should go otherwhither for he was a man of cautels and a subtile. A couch by midwives attended with wholesome food reposeful, cleanest swaddles as though forthbringing were now done and by wise foresight set: but to this no less of what drugs there is need and surgical implements which are pertaining to her case not omitting aspect of all very distracting spectacles in various latitudes by our terrestrial orb offered together with images, divine and human, the cogitation of which by sejunct females is to tumescence conducive or eases issue in the high sunbright wellbuilt fair home of mothers when, ostensibly far gone and reproductitive, it is come by her thereto to lie in, her term up.
Faith, no, he says, Frank (that was his name), ‘tis all about Kerry cows that are to be butchered along of the plague. Then she set it all forth to him for because she knew the man that time was had lived nigh that house. Hitherto silent, whether the better to show by preternatural gravity that curious dignity of the garb with which he was invested or in obedience to an inward voice, he delivered briefly and, as some thought, perfunctorily the ecclesiastical ordinance forbidding man to put asunder what God has joined.

[ 15 Circe ]

Forget not Madam Grissel Steevens nor the suine scions of the house of Lambert. For the rest Eve’s sovereign remedy. STEPHEN: Nothung!
There are marked symptoms of chronic exhibitionism. For Bloom. 
 (An official translation is read by Jimmy Henry, assistant town clerk.)
Doctor Swift says one man in armour will beat ten men in their shirts. Love or burgundy. BLOOM: Justice! All Ireland versus one! Has nobody...? (He bites his thumb.)
Christ Dowie and the harmonial philosophy, have you got that? O. Virag. Parallax! (With a nervous twitch of his head.) Did you hear my brain go snap? Pollysyllabax!
That is to say he brought the poison a hundred years before another person whose name I forget brought the food. Unsolicited testimonials for Professor Waldmann’s wonderful chest exuber. CUNTY KATE: The brave and the fair.
A few pastilles of aconite. The man in the macintosh disappears. THE YEWS: Ssh! Sister, speak!
I think I see some old comrades in arms up there among you. 
 (He cries.) Coactus volui. Bow, bondslave, before the throne of your despot’s glorious heels so glistening in their proud erectness.
Sphinx. All join heartily in the singing. He provokes my intelligence.
(She arches her body in lascivious crispation, placing her forefinger in her mouth.) Spoke to me. Vobiscuits. THE DUMMYMUMMY: Bbbbblllllblblblblobschbg!
The representative peers put on at the same time their twentyeight crowns. Foghorns hoot. BLOOM: No, but...
Electric dishscrubbers. I did all a white man could. And he interfered twict with my clothing.
Gripe, yes. Amen. 
 (She goes to the chandelier and turns the gas full cock.)
It’s the whole pie with jam in. A split is gone for the flatties. 
 (The disc rasps gratingly against the needle.)
You know I had a soft corner for you. All parks open to the public day and night. PISSER BURKE: For bladder trouble?
And better. Gold cup.       Moses, Moses, king of the jews,
         Wiped his arse in the Daily News.
Unseen, one summer eve, you kissed me in four places. are you staying the night or a short time?.. CORNY KELLEHER: (From the car, standing.) Night.
Gold and silver coins, blank cheques, banknotes, jewels, treasury bonds, maturing bills of exchange, I. Serpents too are gluttons for woman’s milk. He scratches himself with crossed arms at his ribs, grimacing, and exclaims:)
Poor dear papa, a widower, was a regular barometer from it. Whisper. Weight for age. My client is an infant, a poor foreign immigrant who started scratch as a stowaway and is now trying to turn an honest penny. It was my funeral. 
 (Carelessly.) I was just chatting this afternoon at the viceregal lodge to my old pals, sir Robert and lady Ball, astronomer royal, at the levee. Bring all your powers of fascination to bear on them. That’s my programme. Up the soldiers! Up King Edward!
Reason. 
 (He gobbles gluttonously with turkey wattles.) Bubbly jock! Bubbly jock! Where are we? Open Sesame! Cometh forth! (He unrolls his parchment rapidly and reads, his glowworm’s nose running backwards over the letters which he claws.) Stay, good friend. Nimbly they dance, twirling their skipping ropes. A discussion is difficult down here. When coopfattened their livers reach an elephantine size. Yes, indeed.       Yet I’ve a sort of a
         Yorkshire relish for...
Artillery. They examine him curiously from under their pencilled brows and smile to his hasty bow. Weight for age. After him toddles an obese grandfather rat on fungus turtle paws under a grey carapace. Immediate silence. He places a hand in his waistcoat, posing calmly. ZOE:
You will shed your male garments, you understand, Ruby Cohen? and don the shot silk luxuriously rustling over head and shoulders. All you meant to me then. THE END OF THE WORLD: (With a Scotch accent.) Wha’ll dance the keel row, the keel row, the keel row?
My wife, I am the daughter of a most distinguished commander, a gallant upstanding gentleman, what do you call him, Majorgeneral Brian Tweedy, one of Britain’s fighting men who helped to win our battles. Best thing could happen him. O just wait till I see Molly! (Slily.) Account for yourself this very sminute or woe betide you!
Nobody. Suppose. It may be an old hymn to Demeter or also illustrate Cœla enarrant gloriam Domini. Absurd I am. I have felt this instant a twinge of sciatica in my left glutear muscle. Kiss. Safe home!
(She turns up Bloom’s hand.) I thought so. They can live on. Even the great Napoleon when measurements were taken next the skin after his death...
On her left hand are wedding and keeper rings. A large bucket. THE GULLS: Kaw kave kankury kake.
No connection with Madam Legget Byrne’s or Levenston’s. 
 (She darts to the piano and bangs chords on it with crossed arms.) The cat’s ramble through the slag. Bloom stands aside. My wife, I am the daughter of a most distinguished commander, a gallant upstanding gentleman, what do you call him, Majorgeneral Brian Tweedy, one of Britain’s fighting men who helped to win our battles. If I could only find out about octaves. Heavy Gatling guns boom. Rattling good place round there for pigs’ feet. 
 (He stands at Cormack’s corner, watching.)
Bowel trouble. I say it and I say it emphatically, without wishing for one moment to defeat the ends of justice, accused was not accessory before the act and prosecutrix has not been tampered with. Where? I need mountain air.
Press nightmare. We grew by Poulaphouca waterfall. Eh? I am watching you.
And tipsycake. Not for old stagers like myself and yourself. It was given me by a man I don’t know his name. Half a league onward! They charge! All is lost now! Do we yield? No! We drive them headlong! Lo! We charge! Deploying to the left our light horse swept across the heights of Plevna and, uttering their warcry Bonafide Sabaoth, sabred the Saracen gunners to a man.
All you meant to me then. 
 (Bloom puts out her timid head.) There’s a good girly now. For all these knotty points see the seventeenth book of my Fundamentals of Sexology or the Love Passion which Doctor L. Lash under the belly with a knotted thong. She is dressed in a threequarter ivory gown, fringed round the hem with tasselled selvedge, and cools herself flirting a black horn fan like Minnie Hauck in Carmen. MRS BREEN: She did, of course, the cat! Don’t tell me! Nice adviser!
A sprawled form sneezes. You’ll meet with a.. Horhot ho hray hor hother’s hest.
That’s the music of the future. He hesitates. 
 (General laughter.)
Pig’s feet. Forget not Madam Grissel Steevens nor the suine scions of the house of Lambert. He offered to send me through the post a work of fiction by Monsieur Paul de Kock, entitled The Girl with the Three Pairs of Stays.
A man and his menfriends are living there in clover. Even that brute today. 
 (Simon Dedalus’ voice hilloes in answer, somewhat sleepy but ready.)
The pity of it! Mulligan meets the afflicted mother. I only meant a square party, a mixed marriage mingling of our different little conjugials.       Are you going far, queer fellow?
        How’s your middle leg?
        Got a match on you?
        Eh, come here till I stiffen it for you.
Father Malachi O’Flynn in a lace petticoat and reversed chasuble, his two left feet back to the front, celebrates camp mass. Laughter of men from the lane. Uropoetic.
Sucking, they scatter slowly. Must get glasses. THE FAN: (Folding together, rests against her left eardrop.) Have you forgotten me?
General amnesty, weekly carnival with masked licence, bonuses for all, esperanto the universal language with universal brotherhood. Bella places her foot on the floor. THE SLUTS:
Then giddy woman will run about. His dachshund coat becomes a brown mortuary habit. JOHN WYSE NOLAN: There’s the man that got away James Stephens.
you will be in heaven and Ireland will be free. He was down and out but, though branded as a black sheep, if he might say so, he meant to reform, to retrieve the memory of the past in a purely sisterly way and return to nature as a purely domestic animal. Her large fan winnows wind towards her heated faceneck and embonpoint. A pure stockgetter, due to lay within the hour. I tried it. I did all a white man could.       There’s someone in the house with Dina
        There’s someone in the house, I know,
        There’s someone in the house with Dina
        Playing on the old banjo.
From drains, clefts, cesspools, middens arise on all sides stagnant fumes. 
 (He chuckles.) My boys will be no end charmed to see you so ladylike, the colonel, above all, when they come here the night before the wedding to fondle my new attraction in gilded heels. Seven dwarf simian acolytes, also in red, cardinal sins, uphold his train, peeping under it. Stephen with hat ashplant frogsplits in middle highkicks with skykicking mouth shut hand clasp part under thigh. My wife, I am the daughter of a most distinguished commander, a gallant upstanding gentleman, what do you call him, Majorgeneral Brian Tweedy, one of Britain’s fighting men who helped to win our battles. A redhot crowbar and some liniment rubbing on the burning part produced Fritz of Amsterdam, the thinking hyena. BLOOM: Are you sure about that Voglio? I mean the pronunciati...
drive.. Government offices are temporarily transferred to railway sheds. MRS YELVERTON BARRY: Me too.
The princess Selene, in moonblue robes, a silver crescent on her head, descends from a Sedan chair, borne by two giants. This isn’t a musical peepshow. A shade of mauve tissuepaper dims the light of the chandelier. Under the mistletoe. He places a hand in his waistcoat, posing calmly. So I landed them up on Behan’s car and down to nighttown.
He insulted me but I forgive him. 
 (She traces lines on his hand.) Line of fate. Lynch, did I show you the letter about the lute?

[ 16 Eumaeus ]

He ought to have either died naturally or on the scaffold high. Fellow, the name of Antonio, done that. 
 —Then, Stephen said staring and rambling on to himself or some unknown listener somewhere, we have the impetuosity of Dante and the isosceles triangle miss Portinari he fell in love with and Leonardo and san Tommaso Mastino.
Yet, though such criminal propensities had never been an inmate of his bosom in any shape or form, he certainly did feel and no denying it (while inwardly remaining what he was) a certain kind of admiration for a man who had actually brandished a knife, cold steel, with the courage of his political convictions (though, personally, he would never be a party to any such thing), off the same bat as those love vendettas of the south, have her or swing for her, when the husband frequently, after some words passed between the two concerning her relations with the other lucky mortal (he having had the pair watched), inflicted fatal injuries on his adored one as a result of an alternative postnuptial liaison by plunging his knife into her, until it just struck him that Fitz, nicknamed Skin-the-Goat, merely drove the car for the actual perpetrators of the outrage and so was not, if he was reliably informed, actually party to the ambush which, in point of fact, was the plea some legal luminary saved his skin on. That was one for him. 
 —Puttana madonna, che ci dia i quattrini! Ho ragione? Culo rotto!
At the same time he inwardly chuckled over his gentle repartee to the blood and ouns champion about his god being a jew. But it was no animal’s fault in particular if he was built that way like the camel, ship of the desert, distilling grapes into potheen in his hump. Pride it was killed him. Mr Bloom was all at sea for a moment, seeing the others evidently eavesdropping too.
Like actresses, always farewell positively last performance then come up smiling again. It was anybody’s race then the rank outsider drew to the fore, got long lead, beating lord Howard de Walden’s chestnut colt and Mr W.       
       O, Johnny Lever!
        Johnny Lever, O!
The only thing is to walk then you’ll feel a different man. The Irish catholic peasant. Otherwise we would never have such inventions as X rays, for instance. Highly providential was the appearance on the scene of Corny Kelleher when Stephen was blissfully unconscious but for that man in the gap turning up at the eleventh hour the finis might have been that he might have been a candidate for the accident ward or, failing that, the bridewell and an appearance in the court next day before Mr Tobias or, he being the solicitor rather, old Wall, he meant to say, or Mahony which simply spelt ruin for a chap when it got bruited about. He was out of a job and implored of Stephen to tell him where on God’s earth he could get something, anything at all, to do. Thus prevailed on to at any rate taste it Stephen lifted the heavy mug from the brown puddle it clopped out of when taken up by the handle and took a sip of the offending beverage.
Probably the homelife to which Mr B attached the utmost importance had not been all that was needful or he hadn’t been familiarised with the right sort of people. Giants, though that is rather a far cry, you see once in a way, Marcella the midget queen. Mr Bloom, availing himself of the right of free speech, he having just a bowing acquaintance with the language in dispute, though, to be sure, rather in a quandary over voglio, remarked to his protégé in an audible tone of voice à propos of the battle royal in the street which was still raging fast and furious:
He called me a jew and in a heated fashion offensively. in the course of his perambulations round the docks in the congenial atmosphere of the Old Ireland tavern, come back to Erin and so on. And there he was at the end of his tether after having often painted the town tolerably pink without a beggarly stiver. Besides he said the picture was handsome which, say what you like, it was though at the moment she was distinctly stouter. That’s work too. I seen her picture in a barber’s. Everyone according to his needs or everyone according to his deeds. They passed the main entrance of the Great Northern railway station, the starting point for Belfast, where of course all traffic was suspended at that late hour and passing the backdoor of the morgue (a not very enticing locality, not to say gruesome to a degree, more especially at night) ultimately gained the Dock Tavern and in due course turned into Store street, famous for its C division police station. I must get a wash tomorrow or next day. My Experiences, let us say, in a Cabman’s Shelter.
The mourners included: Patk. He ought to have either died naturally or on the scaffold high. Of course, I grant you, to concede a point, you do knock across a simple soul once in a blue moon. That’s where I hails from. Really, Mr Bloom said (though first he fancied he alluded to the archbishop till he added about foot and mouth with which there could be no possible connection) overjoyed to set his mind at rest and a bit flabbergasted at Myles Crawford’s after all managing to. where the municipal supernumerary, ex Gumley, was still to all intents and purposes wrapped in the arms of Murphy, as the adage has it, dreaming of fresh fields and pastures new. The hoi polloi of jarvies or stevedores or whatever they were after a cursory examination turned their eyes apparently dissatisfied, away though one redbearded bibulous individual, portion of whose hair was greyish, a sailor probably, still stared for some appreciable time before transferring his rapt attention to the floor. Spain again, you saw in the war, compared with goahead America. Throwaway and Zinfandel stood close order. You have every bit as much right to live by your pen in pursuit of your philosophy as the peasant has. Knife in his back. There she sits, a grasswidow, at the selfsame fireside. She’s my own true wife I haven’t seen for seven years now, sailing about.
What? You both belong to Ireland, the brain and the brawn. Mr Bloom actuated by motives of inherent delicacy inasmuch as he always believed in minding his own business moved off but nevertheless remained on the qui vive with just a shade of anxiety though not funkyish in the least. Right enough the harbours were there only no ships ever called.
He saw him once on the auspicious occasion when they broke up the type in the Insuppressible or was it United Ireland, a privilege he keenly appreciated, and, in point of fact, handed him his silk hat when it was knocked off and he said Thank you, excited as he undoubtedly was under his frigid exterior notwithstanding the little misadventure mentioned between the cup and the lip: what’s bred in the bone. Ladies who like distinctive underclothing should, and every welltailored man must, trying to make the gap wider between them by innuendo and give more of a genuine filip to acts of impropriety between the two, she unbuttoned his and then he untied her, mind the pin, whereas savages in the cannibal islands, say, at ninety degrees in the shade not caring a continental. I believe in that myself because it has been explained by competent men as the convolutions of the grey matter. Egg two evidently demolished, he nodded and winked, adding bloodthirstily:
Fear not them that sell the body but have not power to buy the soul. One time I could read a book in the dark, manner of speaking. Because he more than suspected he had his father’s voice to bank his hopes on which it was quite on the cards he had so it would be just as well, by the way no harm, to trail the conversation in the direction of that particular red herring just to.
But, talking about things in general, where, added he with a smile, will you sleep yourself? Walking to Sandycove is out of the question. For entire colts and fillies. But such a good poor brute he was sorry he hadn’t a lump of sugar but, as he wisely reflected, you could scarcely be prepared for every emergency that might crop up. But who? That was the rub.
Mr Bloom, so far as he was personally concerned, was just pondering in pensive mood. Because if they didn’t believe they’d go straight to heaven when they die they’d try to live better, at least so I think. Point of fact she could actually claim Spanish nationality if she wanted, having been born in (technically) Spain, i.e. The rebuke of some kind was clearer than the other part. Bass’s Sceptre 3. Point of fact she could actually claim Spanish nationality if she wanted, having been born in (technically) Spain, i.e. 
 —Pom! he then shouted once.
He infinitely preferred the sacred music of the catholic church to anything the opposite shop could offer in that line such as those Moody and Sankey hymns or Bid me to live and I will live thy protestant to be. Wagnerian music, though confessedly grand in its way, was a bit too heavy for Bloom and hard to follow at the first go-off but the music of Mercadante’s Huguenots, Meyerbeer’s Seven Last Words on the Cross and Mozart’s Twelfth Mass he simply revelled in, the Gloria in that being, to his mind, the acme of first class music as such, literally knocking everything else into a cocked hat. Still no matter what the cause is from...
Like actresses, always farewell positively last performance then come up smiling again. In the nature of single blessedness he would one day take unto himself a wife when Miss Right came on the scene but in the interim ladies’ society was a conditio sine qua non though he had the gravest possible doubts, not that he wanted in the smallest to pump Stephen about Miss Ferguson (who was very possibly the particular lodestar who brought him down to Irishtown so early in the morning), as to whether he would find much satisfaction basking in the boy and girl courtship idea and the company of smirking misses without a penny to their names bi or triweekly with the orthodox preliminary canter of complimentplaying and walking out leading up to fond lovers’ ways and flowers and chocs. Each is equally important.
Jesus, Mr Doyle. Cannon) 2, Mr W. Then he screwed his features up someway sideways and glared out into the night with an unprepossessing cast of countenance.
No, something top notch, an all star Irish caste, the Tweedy-Flower grand opera company with his own legal consort as leading lady as a sort of counterblast to the Elster Grimes and Moody-Manners, perfectly simple matter and he was quite sanguine of success, providing puffs in the local papers could be managed by some fellow with a bit of bounce who could pull the indispensable wires and thus combine business with pleasure. It’s in the dogma. You know Jem Mullins?
He ought to have either died naturally or on the scaffold high. He saw him once on the auspicious occasion when they broke up the type in the Insuppressible or was it United Ireland, a privilege he keenly appreciated, and, in point of fact, handed him his silk hat when it was knocked off and he said Thank you, excited as he undoubtedly was under his frigid exterior notwithstanding the little misadventure mentioned between the cup and the lip: what’s bred in the bone. 
 —Ex quibus, Stephen mumbled in a noncommittal accent, their two or four eyes conversing, Christus or Bloom his name is or after all any other, secundum carnem.
That was one for him. Furthermore he had a row with Lenehan and called him to Stephen a mean bloody swab with a sprinkling of a number of other uncalledfor expressions. Whilst speaking he produced a dangerouslooking claspknife quite in keeping with his character and held it in the striking position.
He’s the backbone of our empire. Besides he said the picture was handsome which, say what you like, it was though at the moment she was distinctly stouter. Between this point and the high at present unlit warehouses of Beresford place Stephen thought to think of Ibsen, associated with Baird’s the stonecutter’s in his mind somehow in Talbot place, first turning on the right, while the other who was acting as his fidus Achates inhaled with internal satisfaction the smell of James Rourke’s city bakery, situated quite close to where they were, the very palatable odour indeed of our daily bread, of all commodities of the public the primary and most indispensable. There was no message evidently, as he took particular notice. So similarly he had a very shrewd suspicion that Mr Johnny Lever got rid of some £ Still just then, being on tenterhooks, he desired the female’s room more than her company so it came as a genuine relief when the keeper made her a rude sign to take herself off. into the bargain and the greatest danger of all was who you got drunk with though, touching the much vexed question of stimulants, he relished a glass of choice old wine in season as both nourishing and bloodmaking and possessing aperient virtues (notably a good burgundy which he was a staunch believer in) still never beyond a certain point where he invariably drew the line as it simply led to trouble all round to say nothing of your being at the tender mercy of others practically. du Boyes, agent for typewriters or something like that. And take a piece of that bun. Here they are. Martin Cunningham frequently said he would work a pass through Egan but some deuced hitch or other eternally cropped up with the net result that the scheme fell through. Something evidently riled them in his death. Pride it was killed him. She put the first nail in his coffin.
But such a good poor brute he was sorry he hadn’t a lump of sugar but, as he wisely reflected, you could scarcely be prepared for every emergency that might crop up. Sheer force of natural genius, that. Beni, Bolivia.
Wagnerian music, though confessedly grand in its way, was a bit too heavy for Bloom and hard to follow at the first go-off but the music of Mercadante’s Huguenots, Meyerbeer’s Seven Last Words on the Cross and Mozart’s Twelfth Mass he simply revelled in, the Gloria in that being, to his mind, the acme of first class music as such, literally knocking everything else into a cocked hat. So I without deviating from plain facts in the least told him his God, I mean Christ, was a jew too and all his family like me though in reality I’m not. In any case that was very ancient history by now and as for our friend, the pseudo Skin-the-etcetera, he had transparently outlived his welcome. But in the economic, not touching religion, domain the priest spells poverty. He drank needless to be told and it pointed only once more a moral when he might quite easily be in a large way of business if—a big if, however—he had contrived to cure himself of his particular partiality.
I was in the Red Sea. And there sits uncle Chubb or Tomkin, as the case might be, the publican of the Crown and Anchor, in shirtsleeves, eating rumpsteak and onions. I was in the Red Sea. I was in the Red Sea. First he got a bit of a start but it turned out to be only something about somebody named H. Yes, beyond a shadow of a doubt he could with all the cards in his hand and he had a capital opening to make a name for himself and win a high place in the city’s esteem where he could command a stiff figure and, booking ahead, give a grand concert for the patrons of the King street house, given a backerup, if one were forthcoming to kick him upstairs, so to speak, a big if, however, with some impetus of the goahead sort to obviate the inevitable procrastination which often tripped up a too much fêted prince of good fellows. On the other hand he might be only bluffing, a pardonable weakness because meeting unmistakable mugs, Dublin residents, like those jarvies waiting news from abroad would tempt any ancient mariner who sailed the ocean seas to draw the long bow about the schooner Hesperus and etcetera. There she sits, a grasswidow, at the selfsame fireside. Though a wellpreserved man of no little stamina, if a trifle prone to baldness, there was something spurious in the cut of his jib that suggested a jail delivery and it required no violent stretch of imagination to associate such a weirdlooking specimen with the oakum and treadmill fraternity. And as for the lessee or keeper, who probably wasn’t the other person at all, he (B.) couldn’t help feeling and most properly it was better to give people like that the goby unless you were a blithering idiot altogether and refuse to have anything to do with them as a golden rule in private life and their felonsetting, there always being the offchance of a Dannyman coming forward and turning queen’s evidence or king’s now like Denis or Peter Carey, an idea he utterly repudiated. In any case that was very ancient history by now and as for our friend, the pseudo Skin-the-etcetera, he had transparently outlived his welcome. Besides, though taste latterly had deteriorated to a degree, original music like that, different from the conventional rut, would rapidly have a great vogue as it would be a decided novelty for Dublin’s musical world after the usual hackneyed run of catchy tenor solos foisted on a confiding public by Ivan St Austell and Hilton St Just and their genus omne. Then the decree nisi and the King’s proctor tries to show cause why and, he failing to quash it, nisi was made absolute. The face at the window! Judge of his astonishment when he finally did breast the tape and the awful truth dawned upon him anent his better half, wrecked in his affections. Unfortunate creature! Of course I suppose some man is ultimately responsible for her condition. Boudin find the captain’s age, his eyes went aimlessly over the respective captions which came under his special province the allembracing give us this day our daily press. proceeded to stipulate, you must look at both sides of the question. You frittered away your time, he very sensibly maintained, and health and also character besides which, the squandermania of the thing, fast women of the demimonde ran away with a lot of £ At least that’s my idea for what it’s worth. Lovemaking in Irish, £ 200 damages. into the bargain and the greatest danger of all was who you got drunk with though, touching the much vexed question of stimulants, he relished a glass of choice old wine in season as both nourishing and bloodmaking and possessing aperient virtues (notably a good burgundy which he was a staunch believer in) still never beyond a certain point where he invariably drew the line as it simply led to trouble all round to say nothing of your being at the tender mercy of others practically. We was chased by pirates one voyage. Why?
Believes me dead, rocked in the cradle of the deep. who were conspicuous, needless to say, by their total absence (to say nothing of M’Intosh) L. As they walked they at times stopped and walked again continuing their tête à tête (which, of course, he was utterly out of) about sirens, enemies of man’s reason, mingled with a number of other topics of the same category, usurpers, historical cases of the kind while the man in the sweeper car or you might as well call it in the sleeper car who in any case couldn’t possibly hear because they were too far simply sat in his seat near the end of lower Gardiner street and looked after their lowbacked car.
Though it was a warm pleasant sort of a night now yet wonderfully cool for the season considering, for sunshine after storm. History, would you be surprised to learn, proves up to the hilt Spain decayed when the inquisition hounded the jews out and England prospered when Cromwell, an uncommonly able ruffian who in other respects has much to answer for, imported them. Adjacent to the men’s public urinal they perceived an icecream car round which a group of presumably Italians in heated altercation were getting rid of voluble expressions in their vivacious language in a particularly animated way, there being some little differences between the parties.
Ladies who like distinctive underclothing should, and every welltailored man must, trying to make the gap wider between them by innuendo and give more of a genuine filip to acts of impropriety between the two, she unbuttoned his and then he untied her, mind the pin, whereas savages in the cannibal islands, say, at ninety degrees in the shade not caring a continental. Can’t you drink that coffee, by the way? Let me stir it. But as he confidently anticipated there was not a sign of a Jehu plying for hire anywhere to be seen except a fourwheeler, probably engaged by some fellows inside on the spree, outside the North Star hotel and there was no symptom of its budging a quarter of an inch when Mr Bloom, who was anything but a professional whistler, endeavoured to hail it by emitting a kind of a whistle, holding his arms arched over his head, twice.
In any case that was very ancient history by now and as for our friend, the pseudo Skin-the-etcetera, he had transparently outlived his welcome. I’m game for that job, shaving and brushup. Quite a number of stories there were on that particular Alice Ben Bolt topic, Enoch Arden and Rip van Winkle and does anybody hereabouts remember Caoc O’Leary, a favourite and most trying declamation piece by the way of poor John Casey and a bit of perfect poetry in its own small way. The rebuke of some kind was clearer than the other part. One man was reading in fits and starts a stained by coffee evening journal, another the card with the natives choza de, another the seaman’s discharge. Silence with a yawn or two accompanied this thrilling announcement. Our soi-disant sailor munched heavily awhile hungrily before answering:
I was never one of your bright ones, he added with a half laugh. And then the usual dénouement after the fun had gone on fast and furious he got landed into hot water and had to be spirited away by a few friends, after a strong hint to a blind horse from John Mallon of Lower Castle Yard, so as not to be made amenable under section two of the criminal law amendment act, certain names of those subpœnaed being handed in but not divulged for reasons which will occur to anyone with a pick of brains. What was it you...?
The deceased gentleman was a most popular and genial personality in city life and his demise after a brief illness came as a great shock to citizens of all classes by whom he is deeply regretted. Nine tenths of them all could be caged or trained, nothing beyond the art of man barring the bees. 
 —Do you consider, by the by, he said, thoughtfully selecting a faded photo which he laid on the table, that a Spanish type?
Ate by sharks after. He was just a big nervous foolish noodly kind of a horse, without a second care in the world. 
 —I’ve heard of him, Stephen said.
Stephen, in reply to a politely put query, said he didn’t sing it but launched out into praises of Shakespeare’s songs, at least of in or about that period, the lutenist Dowland who lived in Fetter lane near Gerard the herbalist, who anno ludendo hausi, Doulandus, an instrument he was contemplating purchasing from Mr Arnold Dolmetsch, whom B. The Boers were the beginning of the end. 
 —Yes, Stephen said uncertainly because he thought he felt a strange kind of flesh of a different man approach him, sinewless and wobbly and all that.
One man was reading in fits and starts a stained by coffee evening journal, another the card with the natives choza de, another the seaman’s discharge. That was one for him. I got stuck twice in the junior at the christian brothers.
At all events he wound up by concluding, eschewing for the nonce hidebound precedent, a cup of Epps’s cocoa and a shakedown for the night plus the use of a rug or two and overcoat doubled into a pillow at least he would be in safe hands and as warm as a toast on a trivet he failed to perceive any very vast amount of harm in that always with the proviso no rumpus of any sort was kicked up. The Germans and the Japs were going to have their little lookin, he affirmed. Give us back them papers.
It certainly pointed a moral, the idol with feet of clay, and then seventytwo of his trusty henchmen rounding on him with mutual mudslinging. Fort Camden and Fort Carlisle. 
 —Ma ascolta! Cinque la testa più...
There was no message evidently, as he took particular notice. Really, Mr Bloom said (though first he fancied he alluded to the archbishop till he added about foot and mouth with which there could be no possible connection) overjoyed to set his mind at rest and a bit flabbergasted at Myles Crawford’s after all managing to. Or a change of address anyway.
Alexander’s Throwaway, b. Otherwise we would never have such inventions as X rays, for instance. Spain again, you saw in the war, compared with goahead America. 
 —And what’s the number for? loafer number two queried.
I believe in that myself because it has been explained by competent men as the convolutions of the grey matter. which, he reflected, was anything but a gay sendoff. 
 —Neat bit of work, one longshoreman said.
You were a lucky dog if they didn’t set the terrier at you directly you got back. First he got a bit of a start but it turned out to be only something about somebody named H. All those wretched quarrels, in his humble opinion, stirring up bad blood, from some bump of combativeness or gland of some kind, erroneously supposed to be about a punctilio of honour and a flag, were very largely a question of the money question which was at the back of everything greed and jealousy, people never knowing when to stop.
Turks. But it was scarcely professional etiquette so. Lambert, Cornelius T. Cocks his gun over his shoulder. It having become necessary for him to unfurl a reef the sailor vacated his seat.
Boom (as it incorrectly stated) and the line of bitched type but tickled to death simultaneously by C. Cocks his gun over his shoulder. The sailor grimaced, chewing, in a way that might be read as yes, ay or no.
In any case that was very ancient history by now and as for our friend, the pseudo Skin-the-etcetera, he had transparently outlived his welcome. He was altogether too fagged out to institute a thorough search though he tried to recollect. 
 —I wouldn’t ask you only, pursued he, on my solemn oath and God knows I’m on the rocks.
The coffin they brought over was full of stones. Yes, puritanisme, it does though Saint Joseph’s sovereign thievery alors (Bandez!) Figne toi trop. The night air was certainly now a treat to breathe though Stephen was a bit weak on his pins.
A Palgrave Murphy boat was put off the ways at Alexandra basin, the only launch that year. With a high ro! and a randy ro! and my galloping tearing tandy, O! Bow to the inevitable. 
 —Let me cross your bows mate, he said to his neighbour who was just gently dropping off into a peaceful doze.
Broo! The wind! Her brandnew arrival is on her knee, post mortem child. The reason he mentioned the fact was that a lot of those policemen, whom he cordially disliked, were admittedly unscrupulous in the service of the Crown and, as Mr Bloom put it, recalling a case or two in the A division in Clanbrassil street, prepared to swear a hole through a ten gallon pot. You could go back perhaps, he hasarded, still thinking of the very unpleasant scene at Westland Row terminus when it was perfectly evident that the other two, Mulligan, that is, and that English tourist friend of his, who eventually euchred their third companion, were patently trying as if the whole bally station belonged to them to give Stephen the slip in the confusion, which they did.
I must get a wash tomorrow or next day. Analogous scenes are occasionally, if not often, met with. where the municipal supernumerary, ex Gumley, was still to all intents and purposes wrapped in the arms of Murphy, as the adage has it, dreaming of fresh fields and pastures new. Beware of the steamroller.

[ 17 Ithaca ]

Twilight. She stands. What object did Bloom add to this collection of objects?
Shelton 26 December 1892, written by Greenleaf Whittier, scenery by George A. by E.: Narrator, N. In passivity, in economy, in the instinct of tradition, in unexpectedness.
Peatmot. C., Rufus Isaacs, K. What preceding series?
As a philosopher he knew that at the termination of any allotted life only an infinitesimal part of any person’s desires has been realised. Calculate when it burns out and you receive gratis 1 pair of our special non-compo boots, guaranteed 1 candle power. With what success had he attempted direct instruction?
16 years after in 1920 when Stephen would be of Bloom’s present age Bloom would be 54.       
       And the very first ball little Harry Hughes played
        He drove it o’er the jew’s garden wall.
 On the upper shelf a battery of jamjars (empty) of various sizes and proveniences.

[ 18 Penelope ]

I adore well now dearest Doggerina be sure and write soon kind she left out regards to your father also captain Grove with love yrs affly Hester x x x x x she didnt look a bit married just like a girl he was years older than her wogger he was awfully fond of me when he held down the wire with his foot for me to step over at the bullfight at La Linea when that matador Gomez was given the bulls ear these clothes we have to wear whoever invented them expecting you to walk up Killiney hill then for example at that picnic all staysed up you cant do a blessed thing in them in a crowd run or jump out of the way thats why  I looked up at the church first and then at the windows then down and our eyes met  I had a great breast of milk with Milly enough for two what was the reason of that he said  I suggested to put the quilt on the floor with the pillow under my bottom  I pretended  I pretended  I laid out the deck union with a young stranger neither dark nor fair you met before  I dont want to ruin the clean sheets  I thought it was a putoff first him sending the port and the peaches first and  I am a bit  I wonder is that antifat any good might overdo it the thin ones are not so much the fashion now garters that much  I got somebody to give me what  I used to Gardner after with my ring hand to keep him from doing worse where it was too public  I washed up and down as far as possible asking me and did you wash possible the women are always egging on to that putting it on thick when hes there they know by his sly eye blinking a bit putting on the indifferent when they come out with something the kind he is what spoils him  I dont know what kind of drawers he likes none at all  I posted to myself with bits of paper in them so bored sometimes  I gave him theyve lovely linen up there or one of those nice kimono things  I unbuttoned him and took his out and drew back the skin it had a kind of eye in it theyre all Buttons men down the middle on the wrong side of them Molly darling he called me what was his name Jack Joe Harry Mulvey was it yes  I might go over to the markets to see all the vegetables and cabbages and tomatoes and carrots and all kinds of splendid fruits all coming in lovely and fresh who knows whod be the 1st man Id meet theyre out looking for it in the morning Mamy Dillon used to say they are and the night too that was her massgoing Id love a big juicy pear now to melt in your mouth like when  I was forgetting this bloody pest of a thing pfooh you wouldnt know which to laugh or cry were such a mixture of plum and apple no Ill have to wear the old things so much the better itll be more pointed hell never know whether he did it or not there thats good enough for you any old thing at all then Ill wipe him off me just like a business his omission then Ill go out Ill have him eying up at the ceiling where is she gone now make him want me thats the only way a quarter after what an unearthly hour  I halfturned and stopped then he pestered me to say yes till  I was in mourning thats 11 years ago now yes hed be 11 though what was the good in going into mourning for what was neither one thing nor the other the first cry was enough for me  I asked him with my eyes to ask again yes and then he asked me would  I never in all my life felt anyone had one the size of that to make you feel full up he must have eaten a whole sheep after whats the idea making us like that with a big hole in the middle of us or like a Stallion driving it up into you because thats all they want out of you with that determined vicious look in his eye  I wonder what sort is his son he says hes an author and going to be a university professor of Italian and Im to take lessons what is he driving at now showing him my photo its not good of me  I dont want to soak it all out of him like other women do  I better not make an alnight sitting on this affair they ought to make chambers a natural size so that a woman could sit on it properly he kneels down to do it  I know plenty of ways ask him to tuck down the collar of my blouse or touch him with my veil and gloves on going out 1 kiss then would send them all spinning however alright well see then let him go to her she of course would only be too delighted to pretend shes mad in love with him that  I suppose there are a few men like that left its hard to believe in it though unless it really happened to me the majority of them with not a particle of love in their natures to find two people like that nowadays full up of each other that would feel the same way as you do theyre usually a bit foolish in the head his father must have been a bit queer to go and poison himself after her still poor old man  I saw her when  I posted to myself with bits of paper in them so bored sometimes  I thought he was quite different  I yes to say yes my mountain flower and first  I didnt do it on the knife for bad luck or if the woman was going her rounds with the watercress and something nice and tasty there are a few olives in the kitchen he might like  I went by his advices every blessed hat  I only sent mine there a few times for the name model laundry sending me back over and over some old ones odd stockings that blackguardlooking fellow with the fine eyes peeling a switch attack me in the dark and ride me up against the wall without a word or a murderer anybody what they do themselves the fine gentlemen in their silk hats that K C lives up somewhere this way coming out of Hardwicke lane the night he gave us the fish supper on account of winning over the boxing match of course it was for me he gave it  I suppose he died of galloping drink ages ago the days like years not a letter from a living soul except the odd few  I hope that lamp is not smoking fill my nose up with smuts better than having him leaving the gas on all night  I hate people who come at all hours answer the door you think its the vegetables then its somebody and you all undressed or the door of the filthy sloppy kitchen blows open the day old frostyface Goodwin called about the concert in Lombard street and  I laughed myself sick at him that day  I am quite sure in a way that shut him up  I dont want to ruin the clean sheets  I had only for the grammar a noun is the name of any person place or thing pity  I could see over to Morocco almost the bay of Tangier white and the Atlas mountain with snow on it and the straits like a river so clear Harry Molly darling  I what O well look at that Mrs Galbraith shes much older than me  I am quite sure in a way that shut him up  I am an adulteress as the thing in the gallery said O much about it if thats all the harm ever we did in this vale of tears God knows its not much doesnt everybody only they hide it  I ought to have got it taken in drapery that never looks out of fashion still  I wonder is that antifat any good might overdo it the thin ones are not so much the fashion now garters that much  I say stoop and washing up dishes they called it on the pier and the sentry in front of the governors house with the thing round his white helmet poor devil half roasted and the Spanish girls laughing in their shawls and their tall combs and the auctions in the morning the Greeks and the jews and the Arabs and the devil knows who else from all the ends of Europe and Duke street and the fowl market all clucking outside Larby Sharons and the poor donkeys slipping half asleep and the vague fellows in the cloaks asleep in the shade on the steps and the big wheels of the carts of the bulls and the old castle thousands of years old yes and those handsome Moors all in white and turbans like kings asking you to sit down in their little bit of a shop and Ronda with the old windows of the posadas 2 glancing eyes a lattice hid for her lover to kiss the iron and the wineshops half open at night and the castanets and the night we missed the boat at Algeciras the watchman going about serene with his lamp and O that awful deepdown torrent O and the sea the sea crimson sometimes like fire and the glorious sunsets and the figtrees in the Alameda gardens yes and all the queer little streets and the pink and blue and yellow houses and the rosegardens and the jessamine and geraniums and cactuses and Gibraltar as a girl where  I suppose the clean linen  I feel all fire inside me or if  I forgot my suede gloves on the seat behind that  I always make that mistake and new?phew with 2 double yous in  I wouldnt so much mind Id just go to her and ask her do you love him and look her square in the eyes she couldnt fool me but he might imagine he was and make a declaration to her with his plabbery kind of a manner like he did to me though  I didnt get a wink of sleep it wouldnt have been nice on account of her but  I never got after some robber of a woman and he wanted me to put it in the Irish times lost in the ladies lavatory D B C Dame street finder return to Mrs Marion Bloom and  I was jumping up at the pepper trees and the white poplars pulling the leaves off and throwing them at him he went to India he was to write the voyages those men have to make to the ends of the world and back its the least they might get a squeeze or two at a woman while they can going out to be drowned or blown up somewhere  I knew well Id never have another our 1st death too it was we were never the same since O Im not going to think myself into the glooms about that any more  I was thinking of him on the sea all the time after at mass when my petticoat began to slip down at the elevation weeks and weeks  I wonder what shes got like now after living with that dotty husband of hers she had her face beginning to look drawn and run down the last time  I found the long hair on his coat without that one when  I pretended  I like letting myself down after in the hole as far as  I like it in the winter its more company O Lord it was rotten cold too that winter when  I wonder do they see anything that we cant staring like that when she sits at the top of the stairs so long and listening as  I could do the criada the room looks all right since  I was cracking the nuts with my teeth  I could quite easily get him to make it up any time  I hope that lamp is not smoking fill my nose up with smuts better than having him leaving the gas on all night  I saw the Spanish cavalry at La Roque it was lovely after looking across the bay from Algeciras all the lights of the rock like fireflies or those sham battles on the 15 acres the Black Watch with their kilts in time at the march past the 10th hussars the prince of Wales own or the lancers O the lancers theyre grand or the Dublins that won Tugela his father made his money over selling the horses for the cavalry well he could buy me a nice present up in Belfast after what  I couldnt describe it simply it makes you feel like nothing on earth but he never knew how to embrace well like Gardner  I tried to wink at him first no use of course and thats the way his money goes this is the fruits of Mr Paddy Dignam yes they were all in great style at the grand funeral in the paper Boylan brought in if they saw a real officers funeral thatd be something reversed arms muffled drums the poor horse walking behind in black L Boom and Tom Kernan that drunken little barrelly man that bit his tongue off falling down the mens W C drunk in some place or other and Martin Cunningham and the two Dedaluses and Fanny MCoys husband white head of cabbage skinny thing with a turn in her eye trying to sing my songs shed want to be born all over again and her old green dress with the lowneck as she cant attract them any other way like dabbling on a rainy day  I think a lieutenant he was rather fair he had a laughing kind of a voice so  I wouldnt lower myself to spy on them the garters  I had the misfortune to bring him into and she as insolent as ever she could be with her smirk saying Im afraid were giving you too much trouble what shes there for but  I already confessed it to God he had a nice fat hand the palm moist always  I had a coolness on with her over him because he used to be a bit on the jealous side whenever he asked who are you going to and  I could write the answer in bed to let him imagine me short just a few words not those long crossed letters Atty Dillon used to write to the fellow that was something in the four courts that jilted her after out of the ladies letterwriter when  I bundled out of the hall making the place hotter than it is that rain was lovely and refreshing just after my beauty sleep  I never felt they could have made their peace in the beginning or old oom Paul and the rest of the other old Krugers go and fight it out between them instead of dragging on for years killing any finelooking men there were with their fever if he was even decently shot it wouldnt have been so bad  I didnt want to eat everything on my plate those forks and fishslicers were hallmarked silver too  I could see down in Margate strand bathingplace from the side of the rock standing up in the sun naked like a God or something and then plunging into the sea with them why arent all men like that thered be some consolation for a woman like that lovely little statue he bought  I am a bit  I loved rousing that dog in the hotel rrrsssstt awokwokawok his eyes shut and a bird flying below us he was shy all the same  I took my time Bartell DArcy too that he used to make fun of when he commenced kissing me on the choir stairs after  I knew it was no good by the finish pity  I feel all fire inside me or if  I dont see anything so terrible about it Ill tell him about that some day not now and surprise him ay and Ill take him there and show him the very place too we did it so now there you are like it or lump it he thinks nothing can happen without him knowing he hadnt an idea about my mother till we were engaged otherwise hed never have got me so cheap as he did he was 10 times worse himself anyhow begging me to give him a tiny bit cut off my drawers that was the evening coming along Kenilworth square he kissed me in the eye of my glove and  I suppose Im nothing any more when  I loved looking down at them  I laughed Im not a horse or an ass am  I knew him by his gaiters and the walk and when  I suppose  I never had thats why  I always used to know by Millys when she was a child whether she had worms or not still all the same paying him for that how much is that doctor one guinea please and asking me had  I said over to Floey and he made me the present of Byrons poems and the three pairs of gloves so that finished that  I was in a temper with my hands and arms full of pasty flour in any case  I wish hed even smoke a pipe like father to get the smell of a man or pretending to be mooching about for advertisements when he could have been in Mr Cuffes still only for what he did then sending me to try and patch it up  I couldnt even touch him if  I saw him and he not long married flirting with a young girl at Pooles Myriorama and turned my back on him when he slinked out looking quite conscious what harm but he had the impudence to make up to me one time well done to him mouth almighty and his boiled eyes of all the big stupoes  I could easily have slipped a couple into my muff when  I took off my glove slowly watching him he said my openwork sleeves were too cold for the rain anything for an excuse to put his hand anear me drawers drawers the whole blessed time till  I wished he was here or somebody to let myself go with and come again like that  I lost the leads out of the tails with no cut in it but theyre coming into fashion again  I could easily have slipped a couple into my muff when  I had the map of it all and Poldy not Irish enough was it him managed it this time  I made the scones of course  I suppose never dream of washing it from 1 years end to the other the most of them only thats what gives the women the moustaches Im sure itll be grand if  I liked him for that it showed he could hold in and wasnt to be got for the asking he was on the pop of asking me too the night in the kitchen  I saw the Spanish cavalry at La Roque it was lovely after looking across the bay from Algeciras all the lights of the rock like fireflies or those sham battles on the 15 acres the Black Watch with their kilts in time at the march past the 10th hussars the prince of Wales own or the lancers O the lancers theyre grand or the Dublins that won Tugela his father made his money over selling the horses for the cavalry well he could buy me a nice present up in Belfast after what  I dont like being alone in this big barracks of a place at night  I found the long hair on his coat without that one when  I told her to say a few simple words he could twist how he liked not acting with precipat precip itancy with equal candour the greatest earthly happiness answer to a gentlemans proposal affirmatively my goodness theres nothing else its all very fine for them but as for being a woman as soon as youre old they might as well throw you out in the bottom of the ashpit.
I wish some man or other would take me sometime when hes there and kiss me in his arms theres nothing like a kiss long and hot down to your soul almost paralyses you then  I saw him looking with his two old maids of sisters when  I thought the heavens were coming down about us to punish us when  I used to admire when  I promised to give him the pair off my doll to carry about in his waistcoat pocket O Maria Santisima he did look a big fool dreeping in the rain splendid set of teeth he had made me hungry to look at them and beseeched of me to lift the orange petticoat  I was 15 than theyll all know at 50 they dont know how to sing a song like that Gardner said no man could look at my mouth and teeth smiling like that and not think of it  I was rolling the potato cake theres something  I wished  I wouldnt go mad about either or suppose  I tasted once with my finger dipped out of that American that had the squirrel talking stamps with father he had all he could do to keep himself from falling asleep after the last time after we took the port and potted meat it had a fine salty taste yes because  I suppose Id have to dring it into him for a month yes and then wed have a hospital nurse next thing on the carpet have him staying there till they throw him out or a nun maybe like the smutty photo he has shes as much a nun as Im not yes because theyre so weak and puling when theyre sick they want a woman to get well if his nose bleeds youd think it was O tragic and that dyinglooking one off the south circular when he sprained his foot at the choir party at the sugarloaf Mountain the day  I dont like a man you have to climb up to to get at  I ever go back there again all new faces two glancing eyes a lattice hid Ill sing that for him theyre my eyes if hes anything of a poet two eyes as darkly bright as loves own star arent those beautiful words as loves young star itll be a change the Lord knows to have an intelligent person to talk to about yourself not always listening to him and Billy Prescotts ad and Keyess ad and Tom the Devils ad then if anything goes wrong in their business we have to suffer Im sure hes very distinguished Id like to meet a man like that God not those other ruck besides hes young those fine young men  I am quite sure in a way that shut him up  I put him up to that till the jesuits found out he was a freemason thumping the piano lead Thou me on copied from some old opera yes and he was going about with some of them Sinner Fein lately or whatever they call themselves talking his usual trash and nonsense he says that little man he showed me without the neck is very intelligent the coming man Griffiths is he well he doesnt look it thats all  I suppose he died of galloping drink ages ago the days like years not a letter from a living soul except the odd few  I saw him after trying to get near two stylishdressed ladies outside Switzers window at the same little game  I could see over to Morocco almost the bay of Tangier white and the Atlas mountain with snow on it and the straits like a river so clear Harry Molly darling  I had for pisto madrileno Floey Dillon since she wrote to say she was married to a very rich architect if Im to believe all  I had the devils own job to get it out of him though  I think  I what O well look at that Mrs Galbraith shes much older than me  I looked up at the church first and then at the windows then down and our eyes met  I was her age of course any old rag looks well on you then a great touchmenot too in her own way at the Only Way in the Theatre royal take your foot away out of that  I get it Ill lash it around  I wouldnt so much mind Id just go to her and ask her do you love him and look her square in the eyes she couldnt fool me but he might imagine he was and make a declaration to her with his plabbery kind of a manner like he did to me though  I gave it to him anyhow either she or me leaves the house  I tried with the Banana but  I knew more about men and life when  I wore brought it on too damn it damn it and they always want to see a stain on the bed to know youre a virgin for them all thats troubling them theyre such fools too you could be a widow or divorced 40 times over a daub of red ink would do or blackberry juice no thats too purply O Jamesy let me up out of this pooh sweets of sin whoever suggested that business for women what between clothes and cooking and children this damned old bed too jingling like the dickens  I had the devils own job to get it out of him though  I could always hear his voice talking when the room was crowded and watch him after that  I was sure  I hate those eels cod yes Ill get a nice piece of cod Im always getting enough for 3 forgetting anyway Im sick of that everlasting butchers meat from Buckleys loin chops and leg beef and rib steak and scrag of mutton and calfs pluck the very name is enough or a picnic suppose we all gave 5/- each and or let him pay it and invite some other woman for him who Mrs Fleming and drove out to the furry glen or the strawberry beds wed have him examining all the horses toenails first like he does with the letters no not with Boylan there yes with some cold veal and ham mixed sandwiches there are little houses down at the bottom of the banks there on purpose but its as hot as blazes he says not a bank holiday anyhow  I dont know who he is with that other beauty Burke out of the City Arms hotel was there spying around as usual on the slip always where he wasnt wanted if there was a row on youd vomit a better face there was no love lost between us thats 1 consolation  I might look like a young girl wouldnt he get the great suckin the next time he turned up my clothes on me Id give anything to see his face wheres the chamber gone easy Ive a holy horror of its breaking under me after that old commode  I suppose he used to sleep at the foot of the bed too with his big square feet up in his wifes mouth damn this stinking thing anyway wheres this those napkins are ah yes  I saw him at Mat Dillons he liked me too  I dont like a man you have to climb up to to get at  I thought he was talking about the rock of Gibraltar the way he put it thats a very nice invention too by the way only  I was almost planning to run away mad out of it somewhere were never easy where we are father or aunt or marriage waiting always waiting to guiiiide him toooo me waiting nor speeeed his flying feet their damn guns bursting and booming all over the shop especially the Queens birthday and throwing everything down in all directions if you didnt open the windows when general Ulysses Grant whoever he was or did supposed to be some great fellow landed off the ship and old Sprague the consul that was there from before the flood dressed up poor man and he in mourning for the son then the same old bugles for reveille in the morning and drums rolling and the unfortunate poor devils of soldiers walking about with messtins smelling the place more than the old longbearded jews in their jellibees and levites assembly and sound clear and gunfire for the men to cross the lines and the warden marching with his keys to lock the gates and the bagpipes and only captain Groves and father talking about Rorkes drift and Plevna and sir Garnet Wolseley and Gordon at Khartoum lighting their pipes for them everytime they went out drunken old devil with his grog on the windowsill catch him leaving any of it picking his nose trying to think of some other dirty story to tell up in a corner but he never forgot himself when  I said firtree cove he would if he came up behind me and put his hands over my eyes to guess who  I too heavy sitting on his knee  I thought he was quite different  I snapped up the towel to my face that was his studenting hurt me they used to weaning her till he got doctor Brady to give me the belladonna prescription  I Whit Monday yes its only about 3 weeks  I see it all now plainly and they call that friendship killing and then burying one another and they all with their wives and families at home more especially Jack Power keeping that barmaid he does of course his wife is always sick or going to be sick or just getting better of it and hes a goodlooking man still though hes getting a bit grey over the ears theyre a nice lot all of them well theyre not going to get my husband again into their clutches if  I told him over and over again get that made up in the same place and dont forget it God only knows whether he did after all  I love and  I gave him all the pleasure  I hope hes not that stuckup university student sort no otherwise he wouldnt go sitting down in the old kitchen with him taking Eppss cocoa and talking of course he pretended to understand it all probably he told him he was out of Trinity college hes very young to be a professor  I liked him when he sat down to write the thing out frowning so severe his nose intelligent like that you be damned you lying strap O anything no matter who except an idiot he was clever enough to spot that of course that was all thinking of him and his mad crazy letters my Precious one everything connected with your glorious Body everything underlined that comes from it is a thing of beauty and of joy for ever something he got out of some nonsensical book that he had me always at myself 4 and 5 times a day sometimes and  I was rolling the potato cake theres something  I knew what was coming next only natural weakness it was he excited me  I think he made them a bit firmer sucking them like that so long he made me thirsty titties he calls them  I declare to God  I had the map of it all and Poldy not Irish enough was it him managed it this time  I suppose he was thinking of his fathers  I get it Ill lash it around  I saw the Spanish cavalry at La Roque it was lovely after looking across the bay from Algeciras all the lights of the rock like fireflies or those sham battles on the 15 acres the Black Watch with their kilts in time at the march past the 10th hussars the prince of Wales own or the lancers O the lancers theyre grand or the Dublins that won Tugela his father made his money over selling the horses for the cavalry well he could buy me a nice present up in Belfast after what  I didnt call him Hugh the ignoramus that doesnt know poetry from a cabbage thats what you get for not keeping them in their proper place pulling off his shoes and trousers there on the chair before me so barefaced without even asking permission and standing out that vulgar way in the half of a shirt they wear to be admired like a priest or a butcher or those old hypocrites in the time of Julius Caesar of course hes right enough in his way to pass the time as a joke sure you might as well be in bed with what with a lion God Im sure hed have something better to say for himself an old Lion would O well  I suppose the people gave him that nickname going about with his tube from one woman to another  I hate people who come at all hours answer the door you think its the vegetables then its somebody and you all undressed or the door of the filthy sloppy kitchen blows open the day old frostyface Goodwin called about the concert in Lombard street and  I think  I saw him following me along the Calle Real in the shop window then he tipped me just in passing but  I could have got a pound a week as a wet nurse all swelled out the morning that delicate looking student that stopped in no 28 with the Citrons Penrose nearly caught me washing through the window only for  I pointing at them  I wish  I love to hear him falling up the stairs of a morning with the cups rattling on the tray and then play with the cat she rubs up against you for her own sake  I suppose on account of my being jewess looking after my mother he used to amuse me the things he said with the half sloothering smile on him and all the Doyles said he was going to stand for a member of Parliament O wasnt  I suppose there are a few men like that left its hard to believe in it though unless it really happened to me the majority of them with not a particle of love in their natures to find two people like that nowadays full up of each other that would feel the same way as you do theyre usually a bit foolish in the head his father must have been a bit queer to go and poison himself after her still poor old man  I ever go back there again all new faces two glancing eyes a lattice hid Ill sing that for him theyre my eyes if hes anything of a poet two eyes as darkly bright as loves own star arent those beautiful words as loves young star itll be a change the Lord knows to have an intelligent person to talk to about yourself not always listening to him and Billy Prescotts ad and Keyess ad and Tom the Devils ad then if anything goes wrong in their business we have to suffer Im sure hes very distinguished Id like to meet a man like that God not those other ruck besides hes young those fine young men  I was in mourning thats 11 years ago now yes hed be 11 though what was the good in going into mourning for what was neither one thing nor the other the first cry was enough for me  I saw him after trying to get near two stylishdressed ladies outside Switzers window at the same little game  I suppose  I told him over and over again get that made up in the same place and dont forget it God only knows whether he did after all  I thought  I read and the shadow of Ashlydyat Mrs Henry Wood Henry Dunbar by that other woman  I promised him yes faithfully Id let him block me now flying perhaps hes dead or killed or a captain or admiral its nearly 20 years if  I went into 1 of them it was so biting cold  I dont care what anybody says itd be much better for the world to be governed by the women in it you wouldnt see women going and killing one another and slaughtering when do you ever see women rolling around drunk like they do or gambling every penny they have and losing it on horses yes because a woman whatever she does she knows where to stop sure they wouldnt be in the world at all only for us they dont know what it is to be a woman and a mother how could they where would they all of them be if they hadnt all a mother to look after them what  I saw his face before somewhere  I heard burglars in the kitchen and he went down in his shirt with a candle and a poker as if he was looking for a mouse as white as a sheet frightened out of his wits making as much noise as he possibly could for the burglars benefit there isnt much to steal indeed the Lord knows still its the feeling especially now with Milly away such an idea for him to send the girl down there to learn to take photographs on account of his grandfather instead of sending her to Skerrys academy where shed have to learn not like me getting all at school only hed do a thing like that all the same on account of me and Boylan thats why he did it Im certain the way he plots and plans everything out  I passed outside the mens greenhouse near the Harcourt street station just to try some fellow or other trying to catch my eye as if it was 1 of the 7 wonders of the world O and the stink of those rotten places the night coming home with Poldy after the Comerfords party oranges and lemonade to make you feel nice and watery  I know how Id even supposing he got in with her again and was going out to see her somewhere Id know if he refused to eat the onions  I had for pisto madrileno Floey Dillon since she wrote to say she was married to a very rich architect if Im to believe all  I can teach him the other part Ill make him feel all over him till he half faints under me then hell write about me lover and mistress publicly too with our 2 photographs in all the papers when he becomes famous O but then what am  I was in mourning thats 11 years ago now yes hed be 11 though what was the good in going into mourning for what was neither one thing nor the other the first cry was enough for me  I used to use and the gelatine still round it O  I was one myself for a change just to try with that thing they have swelling up on you so hard and at the same time so soft when you touch it my uncle John has a thing long  I wouldnt give in with that gentleman of fashion staring down at me with his glasses and him the other side of me talking about Spinoza and his soul thats dead  I made him spend once with my foot the night after Goodwins botchup of a concert so cold and windy it was well we had that rum in the house to mull and the fire wasnt black out when he asked to take off my stockings lying on the hearthrug in Lombard street west and another time it was my muddy boots hed like me to walk in all the horses dung  I couldnt even touch him if  I gave my eyes that look with my hair a bit loose from the tumbling and my tongue between my lips up to him the savage brute Thursday Friday one Saturday two Sunday three O Lord  I remember they all do wait by God yes wait yes hold on he was on the cards this morning when  I had the big doll with all the funny clothes dressing her up and undressing that icy wind skeeting across from those mountains the something Nevada sierra nevada standing at the fire with the little bit of a short shift  I had it inside my petticoat bodice all day reading it up in every hole and corner while father was up at the drill instructing to find out by the handwriting or the language of stamps singing  I dont know what kind of drawers he likes none at all  I just after dinner all flushed and tossed with boiling old stew dont look at me professor  I hate those eels cod yes Ill get a nice piece of cod Im always getting enough for 3 forgetting anyway Im sick of that everlasting butchers meat from Buckleys loin chops and leg beef and rib steak and scrag of mutton and calfs pluck the very name is enough or a picnic suppose we all gave 5/- each and or let him pay it and invite some other woman for him who Mrs Fleming and drove out to the furry glen or the strawberry beds wed have him examining all the horses toenails first like he does with the letters no not with Boylan there yes with some cold veal and ham mixed sandwiches there are little houses down at the bottom of the banks there on purpose but its as hot as blazes he says not a bank holiday anyhow  I frequent omissions where do those old fellows get all the words they have omissions with his shortsighted eyes on me cocked sideways  I never could bear the look of them in Abrines  I think of him  I paid some nicelooking boy to do it since  I feel  I care with it dropping out of me and that black closed breeches he made me buy takes you half an hour to let them down wetting all myself always with some brandnew fad every other week such a long one  I was going out not a notion what  I want to  I knew what it meant of course  I never know the time even that watch he gave me never seems to go properly Id want to get it looked after when  I was thinking of him on the sea all the time after at mass when my petticoat began to slip down at the elevation weeks and weeks  I was jumping up at the pepper trees and the white poplars pulling the leaves off and throwing them at him he went to India he was to write the voyages those men have to make to the ends of the world and back its the least they might get a squeeze or two at a woman while they can going out to be drowned or blown up somewhere  I thought you were a wheelbarrow theyd die down dead off their feet if ever they got a chance of walking down the Alameda on an officers arm like me on the bandnight my eyes flash my bust that they havent passion God help their poor head  I going to do about him though.
I think a lieutenant he was rather fair he had a laughing kind of a voice so  I put it up and whats this else how to make a knot on a thread with the one hand we were like cousins what age was  I asked him with my eyes to ask again yes and then he asked me would  I wrote the night he kissed my heart at Dolphins barn  I gave him all the pleasure  I must clean the keys of the piano with milk whatll  I suppose Ill only have to wash in my piss like beeftea or chickensoup with some of that opoponax and violet  I wonder theyre not afraid going about of getting a kick or a bang of something there the woman is beauty of course thats admitted when he said  I hope hes not going to get in with those medicals leading him astray to imagine hes young again coming in at 4 in the morning it must be if not more still he had the manners not to wake me what do they find to gabber about all night squandering money and getting drunker and drunker couldnt they drink water then he starts giving us his orders for eggs and tea and Findon haddy and hot buttered toast  I saw on him wait theres Georges church bells wait 3 quarters the hour one two oclock well thats a nice hour of the night for him to be coming home at to anybody climbing down into the area if anybody saw him Ill knock him off that little habit tomorrow first Ill look at his shirt to see or Ill see if he has that French letter still in his pocketbook  I gave him the bit of seedcake out of my mouth and it was leapyear like now yes 16 years ago my God after that long kiss  I had then hed boo  I dont like being alone in this big barracks of a place at night  I wonder is it nicer in the day  I looked at myself in the glass hardly recognised myself the change he was attractive to a girl in spite of his being a little bald intelligent looking disappointed and gay at the same time he was like Thomas in the shadow of Ashlydyat  I hope hell write me a longer letter the next time if its a thing he really likes me O thanks be to the great God  I will that was the last time she turned on the teartap  I took my time Bartell DArcy too that he used to make fun of when he commenced kissing me on the choir stairs after  I could see down in Margate strand bathingplace from the side of the rock standing up in the sun naked like a God or something and then plunging into the sea with them why arent all men like that thered be some consolation for a woman like that lovely little statue he bought  I remember when  I sewed on to the bottom of her jacket she couldnt hide much from me  I tell you in fine style  I always make that mistake and new?phew with 2 double yous in  I only wore it twice better lower this lamp and try again so as  I was playing with them then always hanging out of them for money in a restaurant for the bit you put down your throat we have to be thankful for our mangy cup of tea itself as a great compliment to be noticed the way the world is divided in any case if its going to go on  I ought to go to the doctor only it would be like before  I think didnt he say yes and half the girls in Gibraltar never wore them either naked as God made them that Andalusian singing her Manola she didnt make much secret of what she hadnt yes and the second pair of silkette stockings is laddered after one days wear  I saw him following me along the Calle Real in the shop window then he tipped me just in passing but  I suppose its because they were so plump and tempting in my short petticoat he couldnt resist they excite myself sometimes its well for men all the amount of pleasure they get off a womans body were so round and white for them always  I made him sit on the easychair purposely when  I suppose hed know then and could you pass it easily pass what  I offended you with my eyelids down of course he saw  I asked him hed say its from the Greek leave us as wise as we were before she must have been madly in love with the other fellow to run the chance of being hanged O she didnt care if that was her nature what could she do besides theyre not brutes enough to go and hang a woman surely are they.
I love flowers Id love to have the whole place swimming in roses God of heaven theres nothing like nature the wild mountains then the sea and the waves rushing then the beautiful country with the fields of oats and wheat and all kinds of things and all the fine cattle going about that would do your heart good to see rivers and lakes and flowers all sorts of shapes and smells and colours springing up even out of the ditches primroses and violets nature it is as for them saying theres no God  I could find but of course hes not natural like the rest of the world that  I thought first it came out of her side because how could she go to the chamber when she wanted to and she a rich lady of course she felt honoured H R H he was in Gibraltar the year  I didnt call him Hugh the ignoramus that doesnt know poetry from a cabbage thats what you get for not keeping them in their proper place pulling off his shoes and trousers there on the chair before me so barefaced without even asking permission and standing out that vulgar way in the half of a shirt they wear to be admired like a priest or a butcher or those old hypocrites in the time of Julius Caesar of course hes right enough in his way to pass the time as a joke sure you might as well be in bed with what with a lion God Im sure hed have something better to say for himself an old Lion would O well  I see it all now plainly and they call that friendship killing and then burying one another and they all with their wives and families at home more especially Jack Power keeping that barmaid he does of course his wife is always sick or going to be sick or just getting better of it and hes a goodlooking man still though hes getting a bit grey over the ears theyre a nice lot all of them well theyre not going to get my husband again into their clutches if  I want to get up a minute if Im let wait O Jesus wait yes that thing has come on me yes now wouldnt that afflict you of course all the poking and rooting and ploughing he had up in me now what am  I forget what he said because the stoppress edition just passed and the man with the curly hair in the Lucan dairy thats so polite  I wouldnt bother to even iron it out that ought to satisfy him if you dont believe me feel my belly unless  I couldnt describe it simply it makes you feel like nothing on earth but he never knew how to embrace well like Gardner  I wonder is he awake thinking of me or dreaming am  I only sent mine there a few times for the name model laundry sending me back over and over some old ones odd stockings that blackguardlooking fellow with the fine eyes peeling a switch attack me in the dark and ride me up against the wall without a word or a murderer anybody what they do themselves the fine gentlemen in their silk hats that K C lives up somewhere this way coming out of Hardwicke lane the night he gave us the fish supper on account of winning over the boxing match of course it was for me he gave it  I something growing in me getting that thing like that every week when was it last  I said whatever  I couldnt rest easy in my bed in Gibraltar even getting up to see why am  I liked the way he used his mouth singing then he said wasnt it terrible to do that there in a place like that  I dont know what supposing  I bolted all the doors and windows to make sure but its worse again being locked up like in a prison or a madhouse they ought to be all shot or the cat of nine tails a big brute like that that would attack a poor old woman to murder her in her bed Id cut them off him so  I couldnt keep it when was that 93 the canal was frozen yes it was a few months after a pity a couple of the Camerons werent there to see me squatting in the mens place meadero  I had to laugh yes this one anyhow stiff the nipple gets for the least thing Ill get him to keep that up and Ill take those eggs beaten up with marsala fatten them out for him what are all those veins and things curious the way its made 2 the same in case of twins theyre supposed to represent beauty placed up there like those statues in the museum one of them pretending to hide it with her hand are they so beautiful of course compared with what a man looks like with his two bags full and his other thing hanging down out of him or sticking up at you like a hatrack no wonder they hide it with a cabbageleaf that disgusting Cameron highlander behind the meat market or that other wretch with the red head behind the tree where the statue of the fish used to be when  I dont like being alone in this big barracks of a place at night  I felt all the time it was somebody strange he brought in instead of roving around the city meeting God knows who nightwalkers and pickpockets his poor mother wouldnt like that if she was alive ruining himself for life perhaps still its a lovely hour so silent  I was with him with Milly at the College races that Hornblower with the childs bonnet on the top of his nob let us into by the back way he was throwing his sheeps eyes at those two doing skirt duty up and down  I suppose thered be some truth in it true or no it fills up your whole day and life always something to think about every moment and see it all round you like a new world  I remember shall  I bolted all the doors and windows to make sure but its worse again being locked up like in a prison or a madhouse they ought to be all shot or the cat of nine tails a big brute like that that would attack a poor old woman to murder her in her bed Id cut them off him so  I used to be in the longing way then Ill throw him up his eggs and tea in the moustachecup she gave him to make his mouth bigger  I am he ought to chuck that Freeman with the paltry few shillings he knocks out of it and go into an office or something where hed get regular pay or a bank where they could put him up on a throne to count the money all the day of course he prefers plottering about the house so you cant stir with him any side whats your programme today  I bolted the door first gave me the fidgets coming in without knocking first when  I suppose thats what a woman is supposed to be there for or He wouldnt have made us the way He did so attractive to men then if he wants to kiss my bottom Ill drag open my drawers and bulge it right out in his face as large as life he can stick his tongue 7 miles up my hole as hes there my brown part then Ill tell him  I could all in a swamp leaning forward as if  I was there a squad of them falling over one another and bawling you couldnt hear your ears supposed to be healthy not satisfied till they have us swollen out like elephants or  I gave him theyve lovely linen up there or one of those nice kimono things  I wonder was it her Josie off her head with my castoffs hes such a born liar too no hed never have the courage with a married woman thats why he wants me and Boylan though as for her Denis as she calls him that forlornlooking spectacle you couldnt call him a husband yes its some little bitch hes got in with even when  I what O well look at that Mrs Galbraith shes much older than me  I didnt sleep the night before cheese  I knew  I could quite easily get him to make it up any time  I said and not Lees it was just like the shop itself rummage sale a lot of trash  I think a few dozen he was in great singing voice no  I suppose he used to sleep at the foot of the bed too with his big square feet up in his wifes mouth damn this stinking thing anyway wheres this those napkins are ah yes  I washed up and down as far as possible asking me and did you wash possible the women are always egging on to that putting it on thick when hes there they know by his sly eye blinking a bit putting on the indifferent when they come out with something the kind he is what spoils him  I never came back what would they say eloped with him that gets you on on the stage the last concert  I suppose thered be some truth in it true or no it fills up your whole day and life always something to think about every moment and see it all round you like a new world  I got over him that way when  I suppose on account of my being jewess looking after my mother he used to amuse me the things he said with the half sloothering smile on him and all the Doyles said he was going to stand for a member of Parliament O wasnt  I couldnt even change my new white shoes all ruined with the saltwater and the hat  I first noticed him at dessert when  I hope hes not going to get in with those medicals leading him astray to imagine hes young again coming in at 4 in the morning it must be if not more still he had the manners not to wake me what do they find to gabber about all night squandering money and getting drunker and drunker couldnt they drink water then he starts giving us his orders for eggs and tea and Findon haddy and hot buttered toast  I wouldnt mind feeling it neither would he Id say by the bullneck in his horsecollar  I was lovely the evening we kissed goodbye at the canal lock my Irish beauty he was pale with excitement about going away or wed be seen from the road he couldnt stand properly and  I thought it meant him but hes no chicken nor a stranger either besides my face was turned the other way what was the 7th card after that the 10 of spades for a journey by land then there was a letter on its way and scandals too the 3 queens and the 8 of diamonds for a rise in society yes wait it all came out and 2 red 8s for new garments look at that and didnt  I came into the front room to show him Dignams death in the paper as if something told me and he covered it up with the blottingpaper pretending to be thinking about business so very probably that was it to somebody who thinks she has a softy in him because all men get a bit like that at his age especially getting on to forty he is now so as to wheedle any money she can out of him no fool like an old fool and then the usual kissing my bottom was to hide it not that  I made him blush a little when  I bundled out of the hall making the place hotter than it is that rain was lovely and refreshing just after my beauty sleep  I dont know who he is with that other beauty Burke out of the City Arms hotel was there spying around as usual on the slip always where he wasnt wanted if there was a row on youd vomit a better face there was no love lost between us thats 1 consolation  I were out with him at the open air fete that one in the cream muslin standing right against the sun so he could see every atom she had on when he saw me from behind following in the rain  I used to be in the longing way then Ill throw him up his eggs and tea in the moustachecup she gave him to make his mouth bigger  I was tired we lay over the firtree cove a wild place  I can squeeze and pull the chain then to flush it nice cool pins and needles still theres something in it  I suppose hed like my nice cream too  I wear a white rose or those fairy cakes in Liptons  I told him easy piano O  I was rolling the potato cake theres something  I thought he was quite different  I wanted to give him a memento he gave me that clumsy Claddagh ring for luck that  I can help it making fun of him then behind his back  I want at least two other good chemises for one thing and but  I had only for the grammar a noun is the name of any person place or thing pity  I remember when  I often wanted to study up that myself what we have inside us in that family physician  I knew what it meant of course  I ask pity it wasnt washing day my old pair of drawers might have been hanging up too on the line on exhibition for all hed ever care with the ironmould mark the stupid old bundle burned on them he might think was something else and she never even rendered down the fat  I suppose it was meeting Josie Powell and the funeral and thinking about me and Boylan set him off well he can think what he likes now if thatll do him any good  I saw him looking with his two old maids of sisters when  I had youre always in great humour she said yes because it grigged her because she knew what it meant because  I got that little Italian boy to mend so that you cant see the join for 2 shillings wouldnt even teem the potatoes for you of course shes right not to ruin her hands  I gave him the bit of seedcake out of my mouth and it was leapyear like now yes 16 years ago my God after that long kiss  I could always get round him and  I thought he was quite different  I might recognise him hes young still about 40 perhaps hes married some girl on the black water and is quite changed they all do they havent half the character a woman has she little knows what  I can doze off 1 2 3 4 5 what kind of flowers are those they invented like the stars the wallpaper in Lombard street was much nicer the apron he gave me was like that something only  I was fit to be tied though  I want to say to you only for  I declare to God  I going to do about him though.
I yes  I didnt want to let him know more than was good for him she used to be always embracing me Josie whenever he was there meaning him of course glauming me over and when  I wouldnt be here as  I heard the deathwatch too ticking in the wall of course he insisted hed go into mourning for the cat  I wouldnt let him he was awfully put out first for fear you never know consumption or leave me with a child embarazada that old servant Ines told me that one drop even if it got into you at all after  I was there sending me out of the room on some blind excuse paying his compliments the Bushmills whisky talking of course but hed do the same to the next woman that came along  I see it all now plainly and they call that friendship killing and then burying one another and they all with their wives and families at home more especially Jack Power keeping that barmaid he does of course his wife is always sick or going to be sick or just getting better of it and hes a goodlooking man still though hes getting a bit grey over the ears theyre a nice lot all of them well theyre not going to get my husband again into their clutches if  I have of life up to 35 no Im what am  I noticed him when  I always used to know by Millys when she was a child whether she had worms or not still all the same paying him for that how much is that doctor one guinea please and asking me had  I feel some wind in me better go easy not wake him have him at it again slobbering after washing every bit of myself back belly and sides if we had even a bath itself or my own room anyway  I could have got him promoted there to be the manager he gave me a great mirada once or twice first he was as stiff as the mischief really and truly Mrs Bloom only  I said on the canal bank like a fool but whereabouts on your person my child on the leg behind high up was it yes rather high up was it where you sit down yes O Lord couldnt he say bottom right out and have done with it what has that got to do with it and did you whatever way he put it  I blessed myself and said a Hail Mary like those awful thunderbolts in Gibraltar as if the world was coming to an end and then they come and tell you theres no God what could you do if it was running and rushing about nothing only make an act of contrition the candle  I could all in a swamp leaning forward as if  I was thinking of so many things he didnt know of Mulvey and Mr Stanhope and Hester and father and old captain Groves and the sailors playing all birds fly and  I could often have written out a fine cheque for myself and write his name on it for a couple of pounds a few times he forgot to lock it up besides he wont spend it Ill let him do it off on me behind provided he doesnt smear all my good drawers O  I sent the little present have just had a jolly warm bath and feel a very clean dog now enjoyed it wogger she called him wogger wd give anything to be back in Gib and hear you sing Waiting and in old Madrid Concone is the name of those exercises he bought me one of those new some word  I hope shell get someone to dance attendance on her the way  I knew there was something and opened the area window to let out the smell bringing in his friends to entertain them like the night he walked home with a dog if you please that might have been mad especially Simon Dedalus son his father such a criticiser with his glasses up with his tall hat on him at the cricket match and a great big hole in his sock one thing laughing at the other and his son that got all those prizes for whatever he won them in the intermediate imagine climbing over the railings if anybody saw him that knew us  I were out with him at the open air fete that one in the cream muslin standing right against the sun so he could see every atom she had on when he saw me from behind following in the rain  I can see his face cleanshaven Frseeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeefrong that train again weeping tone once in the dear deaead days beyondre call close my eyes breath my lips forward kiss sad look eyes open piano ere oer the world the mists began  I want at least two other good chemises for one thing and but  I bolted all the doors and windows to make sure but its worse again being locked up like in a prison or a madhouse they ought to be all shot or the cat of nine tails a big brute like that that would attack a poor old woman to murder her in her bed Id cut them off him so  I asked him about her and that word met something with hoses in it and he came out with some jawbreakers about the incarnation he never can explain a thing simply the way a body can understand then he goes and burns the bottom out of the pan all for his Kidney this one not so much theres the mark of his teeth still where he tried to bite the nipple  I could easily have slipped a couple into my muff when  I dont like a man you have to climb up to to get at  I felt all the time it was somebody strange he brought in instead of roving around the city meeting God knows who nightwalkers and pickpockets his poor mother wouldnt like that if she was alive ruining himself for life perhaps still its a lovely hour so silent  I suppose who he has any man thatd kiss a womans bottom Id throw my hat at him after that hed kiss anything unnatural where we havent 1 atom of any kind of expression in us all of us the same 2 lumps of lard before ever Id do that to a man pfooh the dirty brutes the mere thought is enough  I was passing pretending he was pissing standing out for me to see it with his babyclothes up to one side the Queens own they were a nice lot its well the Surreys relieved them theyre always trying to show it to you every time nearly  I could pose for a picture naked to some rich fellow in Holles street when he lost the job in Helys and  I never know the time even that watch he gave me never seems to go properly Id want to get it looked after when  I be like that bath of the nymph with my hair down yes only shes younger or Im a little like that dirty bitch in that Spanish photo he has nymphs used they go about like that  I took my time Bartell DArcy too that he used to make fun of when he commenced kissing me on the choir stairs after  I let him finish it in me nice invention they made for women for him to get all the pleasure but if someone gave them a touch of it themselves theyd know what  I could feel him coming along skulking after me his eyes on my neck he had been keeping away from the house he felt it was getting too warm for him so  I blew out the old bag the biscuits were in from Benady Bros and exploded it Lord what a bang all the woodcocks and pigeons screaming coming back the same way that we went over middle hill round by the old guardhouse and the jews burialplace pretending to read out the Hebrew on them  I could quite easily get him to make it up any time  I heard those cornerboys saying passing the comer of Marrowbone lane my aunt Mary has a thing hairy because it was dark and they knew a girl was passing it didnt make me blush why should it either its only nature and he puts his thing long into my aunt Marys hairy etcetera and turns out to be you put the handle in a sweepingbrush men again all over they can pick and choose what they please a married woman or a fast widow or a girl for their different tastes like those houses round behind Irish street no but were to be always chained up theyre not going to be chaining me up no damn fear once  I can only get in with a handsome young poet at my age Ill throw them the 1st thing in the morning till  I had that white blouse on open in the front to encourage him as much as  I tormented the life out of him first tickling him  I hope Ill never be like her a wonder she didnt want us to cover our faces but she was a welleducated woman certainly and her gabby talk about Mr Riordan here and Mr Riordan there  I suppose he was as shy as a boy he being so young hardly 20 of me in the next room hed have heard me on the chamber arrah what harm Dedalus  I thought well as well him as another and then  I told her and now shes going such as she was on account of her paralysed husband getting worse theres always something wrong with them disease or they have to go under an operation or if its not that its drink and he beats her Ill have to hunt around again for someone every day  I in it who gave him that flower he said he bought he smelt of some kind of drink not whisky or stout or perhaps the sweety kind of paste they stick their bills up with some liqueur Id like to sip those richlooking green and yellow expensive drinks those stagedoor johnnies drink with the opera hats  I was in the D B C with Poldy laughing and trying to listen  I could see down in Margate strand bathingplace from the side of the rock standing up in the sun naked like a God or something and then plunging into the sea with them why arent all men like that thered be some consolation for a woman like that lovely little statue he bought  I wouldnt give a snap of my two fingers for all their learning why dont they go and create something  I thought the vein or whatever the dickens they call it was going to burst though his nose is not so big after  I suppose well have him sitting up like the king of the country pumping the wrong end of the spoon up and down in his egg wherever he learned that from and  I suppose theyre dead long ago the 2 of them its like all through a mist makes you feel so old  I ever go back there again all new faces two glancing eyes a lattice hid Ill sing that for him theyre my eyes if hes anything of a poet two eyes as darkly bright as loves own star arent those beautiful words as loves young star itll be a change the Lord knows to have an intelligent person to talk to about yourself not always listening to him and Billy Prescotts ad and Keyess ad and Tom the Devils ad then if anything goes wrong in their business we have to suffer Im sure hes very distinguished Id like to meet a man like that God not those other ruck besides hes young those fine young men  I could feel him coming along skulking after me his eyes on my neck he had been keeping away from the house he felt it was getting too warm for him so  I did  I liked him because  I hope hes not a professor like Goodwin was he was a potent professor of John Jameson they all write about some woman in their poetry well  I in my skin hopping around  I thought the vein or whatever the dickens they call it was going to burst though his nose is not so big after  I what did he say  I can only get in with a handsome young poet at my age Ill throw them the 1st thing in the morning till  I used to be weltering then in the heat my shift drenched with the sweat stuck in the cheeks of my bottom on the chair when  I hate having a long wrangle in bed or else if its not that its some little bitch or other he got in with somewhere or picked up on the sly if they only knew him as well as  I risked having another not off him though still if he was married Im sure hed have a fine strong child but  I suppose that cant be helped Ill do the indifferent 1 or 2 questions Ill know by the answers when hes like that he cant keep a thing back  I ought to go to the doctor only it would be like before  I only got to know her the day before we left and that Mrs Langtry the jersey lily the prince of Wales was in love with  I got over him that way when  I go around by the quays there some dark evening where nobodyd know me and pick up a sailor off the sea thatd be hot on for it and not care a pin whose  I came on the scene he was dancing and sitting out with her the night of Georgina Simpsons housewarming and then he wanted to ram it down my neck it was on account of not liking to see her a wallflower that was why we had the standup row over politics he began it not me when he said about Our Lord being a carpenter at last he made me cry of course a woman is so sensitive about everything  I wonder has she fleas shes as bad as a woman always licking and lecking but  I promised to give him the pair off my doll to carry about in his waistcoat pocket O Maria Santisima he did look a big fool dreeping in the rain splendid set of teeth he had made me hungry to look at them and beseeched of me to lift the orange petticoat  I looked at myself in the glass hardly recognised myself the change he was attractive to a girl in spite of his being a little bald intelligent looking disappointed and gay at the same time he was like Thomas in the shadow of Ashlydyat  I had a name like her O my and all the bits of streets Paradise ramp and Bedlam ramp and Rodgers ramp and Crutchetts ramp and the devils gap steps well small blame to me if  I bought it simply to please him  I could quite easily get him to make it up any time  I used to love coming home after dances the air of the night they have friends they can talk to weve none either he wants what he wont get or its some woman ready to stick her knife in you  I dont like being alone in this big barracks of a place at night  I couldnt keep it when was that 93 the canal was frozen yes it was a few months after a pity a couple of the Camerons werent there to see me squatting in the mens place meadero  I wouldnt trust him too far to give me chloroform or God knows what else still  I know  I never thought hed write making an appointment  I be like that bath of the nymph with my hair down yes only shes younger or Im a little like that dirty bitch in that Spanish photo he has nymphs used they go about like that  I can see his face cleanshaven Frseeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeefrong that train again weeping tone once in the dear deaead days beyondre call close my eyes breath my lips forward kiss sad look eyes open piano ere oer the world the mists began  I suppose theyre dead long ago the 2 of them its like all through a mist makes you feel so old  I wonder was it her Josie off her head with my castoffs hes such a born liar too no hed never have the courage with a married woman thats why he wants me and Boylan though as for her Denis as she calls him that forlornlooking spectacle you couldnt call him a husband yes its some little bitch hes got in with even when  I frequent omissions where do those old fellows get all the words they have omissions with his shortsighted eyes on me cocked sideways  I hope hes not going to get in with those medicals leading him astray to imagine hes young again coming in at 4 in the morning it must be if not more still he had the manners not to wake me what do they find to gabber about all night squandering money and getting drunker and drunker couldnt they drink water then he starts giving us his orders for eggs and tea and Findon haddy and hot buttered toast  I gave my eyes that look with my hair a bit loose from the tumbling and my tongue between my lips up to him the savage brute Thursday Friday one Saturday two Sunday three O Lord  I did  I can squeeze and pull the chain then to flush it nice cool pins and needles still theres something in it  I bolted the door first gave me the fidgets coming in without knocking first when  I forgot my suede gloves on the seat behind that  I was only about ten was  I can teach him the other part Ill make him feel all over him till he half faints under me then hell write about me lover and mistress publicly too with our 2 photographs in all the papers when he becomes famous O but then what am  I asked him hed say its from the Greek leave us as wise as we were before she must have been madly in love with the other fellow to run the chance of being hanged O she didnt care if that was her nature what could she do besides theyre not brutes enough to go and hang a woman surely are they.
I hope the old press doesnt creak ah  I could have brought them back to Lewers this morning and kicked up a row and made that one change them only not to upset myself and run the risk of walking into him and ruining the whole thing and one of those kidfitting corsets Id want advertised cheap in the Gentlewoman with elastic gores on the hips he saved the one  I had youre always in great humour she said yes because it grigged her because she knew what it meant because  I none was he not able to make one it wasnt my fault we came together when  I wouldnt answer first only looked out over the sea and the sky  I had before to keep in the drawer with them it would be exciting going round with him shopping buying those things in a new city better leave this ring behind want to keep turning and turning to get it over the knuckle there or they might bell it round the town in their papers or tell the police on me but theyd think were married O let them all go and smother themselves for the fat lot  I wonder what shes got like now after living with that dotty husband of hers she had her face beginning to look drawn and run down the last time  I asked him  I had a splendid skin from the sun and the excitement like a rose  I had the devils own job to get it out of him though  I think Ill get a bit of fish tomorrow or today is it Friday yes  I said whatever  I made him blush a little when  I smathered it all over his wrinkly old face for him with all my compriments  I suppose on account of my being jewess looking after my mother he used to amuse me the things he said with the half sloothering smile on him and all the Doyles said he was going to stand for a member of Parliament O wasnt  I wouldnt give in with that gentleman of fashion staring down at me with his glasses and him the other side of me talking about Spinoza and his soul thats dead  I wonder do they see anything that we cant staring like that when she sits at the top of the stairs so long and listening as  I wasnt he had a few brains not like that other fool Henny Doyle he was always breaking or tearing something in the charades  I had before to keep in the drawer with them it would be exciting going round with him shopping buying those things in a new city better leave this ring behind want to keep turning and turning to get it over the knuckle there or they might bell it round the town in their papers or tell the police on me but theyd think were married O let them all go and smother themselves for the fat lot  I could see his face he couldnt see mine of course hed never turn or let on still his eyes were red when his father died theyre lost for a woman of course must be terrible when a man cries let alone them Id like to be embraced by one in his vestments and the smell of incense off him like the pope besides theres no danger with a priest if youre married hes too careful about himself then give something to H H the pope for a penance  I can see his face cleanshaven Frseeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeefrong that train again weeping tone once in the dear deaead days beyondre call close my eyes breath my lips forward kiss sad look eyes open piano ere oer the world the mists began  I noticed him when  I ought to have got it taken in drapery that never looks out of fashion still  I believe  I ought to go to the doctor only it would be like before  I was but give it to some poor child but  I blew out the old bag the biscuits were in from Benady Bros and exploded it Lord what a bang all the woodcocks and pigeons screaming coming back the same way that we went over middle hill round by the old guardhouse and the jews burialplace pretending to read out the Hebrew on them  I liked the way he made love then he knew the way to take a woman when he sent me the 8 big poppies because mine was the 8th then  I suppose on account of my being jewess looking after my mother he used to amuse me the things he said with the half sloothering smile on him and all the Doyles said he was going to stand for a member of Parliament O wasnt  I thought the vein or whatever the dickens they call it was going to burst though his nose is not so big after  I gave it to him anyhow either she or me leaves the house  I wonder what sort is his son he says hes an author and going to be a university professor of Italian and Im to take lessons what is he driving at now showing him my photo its not good of me  I tore it up like a sausage or something  I thought he was with a dirty barefaced liar and sloven like that one denying it up to my face and singing about the place in the W C too because she knew she was too well off yes because he couldnt possibly do without it that long so he must do it somewhere and the last time he came on my bottom when was it the night Boylan gave my hand a great squeeze going along by the Tolka in my hand there steals another  I then the night of the storm  I knew  I hope theyll have something better for us in the other world tying ourselves up God help us thats all right for tonight now the lumpy old jingly bed always reminds me of old Cohen  I was badtempered too because how was it there was a weed in the tea or  I knew it would hes sleeping hard had a good time somewhere still she must have given him great value for his money of course he has to pay for it from her O this nuisance of a thing  I wonder what shes got like now after living with that dotty husband of hers she had her face beginning to look drawn and run down the last time  I know they were spooning a bit when  I was thinking of him on the sea all the time after at mass when my petticoat began to slip down at the elevation weeks and weeks  I snapped up the towel to my face that was his studenting hurt me they used to weaning her till he got doctor Brady to give me the belladonna prescription  I was biting off the thread of the button  I suppose on account of my being jewess looking after my mother he used to amuse me the things he said with the half sloothering smile on him and all the Doyles said he was going to stand for a member of Parliament O wasnt  I couldnt tell him to stop and not bother me with him in the next room or perhaps some protestant clergyman with a cough knocking on the wall then hed never believe the next day we didnt do something its all very well a husband but you cant fool a lover after me telling him we never did anything of course he didnt believe me no its better hes going where he is besides something always happens with him the time going to the Mallow concert at Maryborough ordering boiling soup for the two of us then the bell rang out he walks down the platform with the soup splashing about taking spoonfuls of it hadnt he the nerve and the waiter after him making a holy show of us screeching and confusion for the engine to start but he wouldnt pay till he finished it the two gentlemen in the 3rd class carriage said he was quite right so he was too hes so pigheaded sometimes when he gets a thing into his head a good job he was able to open the carriage door with his knife or theyd have taken us on to Cork  I thought you were a wheelbarrow theyd die down dead off their feet if ever they got a chance of walking down the Alameda on an officers arm like me on the bandnight my eyes flash my bust that they havent passion God help their poor head  I put on does that suit me yes take that thats alright the one like a weddingcake standing up miles off my head he said suited me or the dishcover one coming down on my backside on pins and needles about the shopgirl in that place in Grafton street  I wonder could  I dont want to ruin the clean sheets  I might recognise him hes young still about 40 perhaps hes married some girl on the black water and is quite changed they all do they havent half the character a woman has she little knows what  I had on with the sunray pleats that there was nobody he said hed kneel down in the wet if  I said firtree cove he would if he came up behind me and put his hands over my eyes to guess who  I was interested having to sit it out then to the last tag  I was there sending me out of the room on some blind excuse paying his compliments the Bushmills whisky talking of course but hed do the same to the next woman that came along  I was sick then wed see what attention only of course the woman hides it not to give all the trouble they do yes he came somewhere Im sure by his appetite anyway love its not or hed be off his feed thinking of her so either it was one of those night women if it was down there he was really and the hotel story he made up a pack of lies to hide it planning it Hynes kept me who did  I love jaunting in a train or a car with lovely soft cushions  I wonder did he know me in the box  I was tired we lay over the firtree cove a wild place  I didnt know her so well as all that she was Floeys friend more than mine poor Nancy its a bother having to answer he always tells me the wrong things and no stops to say like making a speech your sad bereavement symph?athy  I had the devils own job to get it out of him though  I know every turn in him Ill tighten my bottom well and let out a few smutty words smellrump or lick my shit or the first mad thing comes into my head then Ill suggest about yes O wait now sonny my turn is coming Ill be quite gay and friendly over it O but  I didnt want to let him know more than was good for him she used to be always embracing me Josie whenever he was there meaning him of course glauming me over and when  I will Yes.
I wonder is he too young hes about wait 88  I dont care what anybody says itd be much better for the world to be governed by the women in it you wouldnt see women going and killing one another and slaughtering when do you ever see women rolling around drunk like they do or gambling every penny they have and losing it on horses yes because a woman whatever she does she knows where to stop sure they wouldnt be in the world at all only for us they dont know what it is to be a woman and a mother how could they where would they all of them be if they hadnt all a mother to look after them what  I was out last week her beautys on the wane she was a lovely woman magnificent head of hair on her down to her waist tossing it back like that like Kitty OShea in Grantham street 1st thing  I care he has plenty of money and hes not a marrying man so somebody better get it out of him if  I hate people that have always their poor story to tell everybody has their own troubles that poor Nancy Blake died a month ago of acute neumonia well  I  I yes to say yes my mountain flower and first  I  I wanted to put on the old stupid clock to near the time he was the first man kissed me under the Moorish wall my sweetheart when a boy it never entered my head what kissing meant till he put his tongue in my mouth his mouth was sweetlike young  I suppose the half of those sailors are rotten again with disease O move over your big carcass out of that for the love of Mike listen to him the winds that waft my sighs to thee so well he may sleep and sigh the great Suggester Don Poldo de la Flora if he knew how he came out on the cards this morning hed have something to sigh for a dark man in some perplexity between 2 7s too in prison for Lord knows what he does that  I was living in Rehoboth terrace we stood staring at one another for about 10 minutes as if we met somewhere  I liked him for that it showed he could hold in and wasnt to be got for the asking he was on the pop of asking me too the night in the kitchen  I wear a red yes and how he kissed me under the Moorish wall and  I changed my mind of going to Todd and Burns as  I told her and now shes going such as she was on account of her paralysed husband getting worse theres always something wrong with them disease or they have to go under an operation or if its not that its drink and he beats her Ill have to hunt around again for someone every day  I thought to myself afterwards it must be real love if a man gives up his life for her that way for nothing  I suppose theyre dead long ago the 2 of them its like all through a mist makes you feel so old  I passed outside the mens greenhouse near the Harcourt street station just to try some fellow or other trying to catch my eye as if it was 1 of the 7 wonders of the world O and the stink of those rotten places the night coming home with Poldy after the Comerfords party oranges and lemonade to make you feel nice and watery  I bet he never saw a better pair of thighs than that look how white they are the smoothest place is right there between this bit here how soft like a peach easy God  I wanted to kiss him all over also his lovely young cock there so simple  I think while Im asleep then we can have music and cigarettes  I never know the time even that watch he gave me never seems to go properly Id want to get it looked after when  I was dying to find out was he circumcised he was shaking like a jelly all over they want to do everything too quick take all the pleasure out of it and father waiting all the time for his dinner he told me to say  I wonder in love with some other man yes it was found out on her wasnt she the downright villain to go and do a thing like that of course some men can be dreadfully aggravating drive you mad and always the worst word in the world what do they ask us to marry them for if were so bad as all that comes to yes because they cant get on without us white Arsenic she put in his tea off flypaper wasnt it  I thought he was talking about the rock of Gibraltar the way he put it thats a very nice invention too by the way only  I had to take it off asking me questions is it permitted to enquire the shape of my bedroom so  I like it in the winter its more company O Lord it was rotten cold too that winter when  I dont Ill make him do it again if he doesnt mind himself and lock him down to sleep in the coalcellar with the blackbeetles  I couldnt tell him to stop and not bother me with him in the next room or perhaps some protestant clergyman with a cough knocking on the wall then hed never believe the next day we didnt do something its all very well a husband but you cant fool a lover after me telling him we never did anything of course he didnt believe me no its better hes going where he is besides something always happens with him the time going to the Mallow concert at Maryborough ordering boiling soup for the two of us then the bell rang out he walks down the platform with the soup splashing about taking spoonfuls of it hadnt he the nerve and the waiter after him making a holy show of us screeching and confusion for the engine to start but he wouldnt pay till he finished it the two gentlemen in the 3rd class carriage said he was quite right so he was too hes so pigheaded sometimes when he gets a thing into his head a good job he was able to open the carriage door with his knife or theyd have taken us on to Cork  I none was he not able to make one it wasnt my fault we came together when  I must do a few breathing exercises  I get in front of the footlights again Kathleen Kearney and her lot of squealers Miss This Miss That Miss Theother lot of sparrowfarts skitting around talking about politics they know as much about as my backside anything in the world to make themselves someway interesting Irish homemade beauties soldiers daughter am  I was forgetting this bloody pest of a thing pfooh you wouldnt know which to laugh or cry were such a mixture of plum and apple no Ill have to wear the old things so much the better itll be more pointed hell never know whether he did it or not there thats good enough for you any old thing at all then Ill wipe him off me just like a business his omission then Ill go out Ill have him eying up at the ceiling where is she gone now make him want me thats the only way a quarter after what an unearthly hour  I havent forgotten it all  I could leading him on till he asked me to say yes and  I tormented the life out of him first tickling him  I think a few dozen he was in great singing voice no  I loved dancing about in it then make a race back into bed Im sure that fellow opposite used to be there the whole time watching with the lights out in the summer and  I dont see anything so terrible about it Ill tell him about that some day not now and surprise him ay and Ill take him there and show him the very place too we did it so now there you are like it or lump it he thinks nothing can happen without him knowing he hadnt an idea about my mother till we were engaged otherwise hed never have got me so cheap as he did he was 10 times worse himself anyhow begging me to give him a tiny bit cut off my drawers that was the evening coming along Kenilworth square he kissed me in the eye of my glove and  I sang at where its over a year ago when was it St Teresas hall Clarendon St little chits of missies they have now singing Kathleen Kearney and her like on account of father being in the army and my singing the absentminded beggar and wearing a brooch for Lord Roberts when  I wanted to fire his pistol he said he hadnt one he didnt know what to make of me with his peak cap on that he always wore crooked as often as  I told her and now shes going such as she was on account of her paralysed husband getting worse theres always something wrong with them disease or they have to go under an operation or if its not that its drink and he beats her Ill have to hunt around again for someone every day  I never felt they could have made their peace in the beginning or old oom Paul and the rest of the other old Krugers go and fight it out between them instead of dragging on for years killing any finelooking men there were with their fever if he was even decently shot it wouldnt have been so bad  I wonder do they see anything that we cant staring like that when she sits at the top of the stairs so long and listening as  I hate the mention of their politics after the war that Pretoria and Ladysmith and Bloemfontein where Gardner lieut Stanley G 8th Bn 2nd East Lancs Rgt of enteric fever he was a lovely fellow in khaki and just the right height over me Im sure he was brave too he said  I couldnt stop about all my hairpins falling out one after another with the mass of hair  I had to hug him after O Lord  I wonder theyre not afraid going about of getting a kick or a bang of something there the woman is beauty of course thats admitted when he said  I could have brought him in his breakfast in bed with a bit of toast so long as  I said and wasnt it natural so it is of course it used to be written up with a picture of a womans on that wall in Gibraltar with that word  I found the long hair on his coat without that one when  I never felt they could have made their peace in the beginning or old oom Paul and the rest of the other old Krugers go and fight it out between them instead of dragging on for years killing any finelooking men there were with their fever if he was even decently shot it wouldnt have been so bad  I bet the cat itself is better off than us have we too much blood up in us or what O patience above its pouring out of me like the sea anyhow he didnt make me pregnant as big as he is  I getting too fond of it the last they sent from ORourkes was as flat as a pancake he makes his money easy Larry they call him the old mangy parcel he sent at Xmas a cottage cake and a bottle of hogwash he tried to palm off as claret that he couldnt get anyone to drink God spare his spit for fear hed die of the drouth or  I went through with Milly nobody would believe cutting her teeth too and Mina Purefoys husband give us a swing out of your whiskers filling her up with a child or twins once a year as regular as the clock always with a smell of children off her the one they called budgers or something like a nigger with a shock of hair on it Jesusjack the child is a black the last time  I pointing at them  I gave her her weeks notice  I think Ill cut all this hair off me there scalding me  I think  I blew out the old bag the biscuits were in from Benady Bros and exploded it Lord what a bang all the woodcocks and pigeons screaming coming back the same way that we went over middle hill round by the old guardhouse and the jews burialplace pretending to read out the Hebrew on them  I can squeeze and pull the chain then to flush it nice cool pins and needles still theres something in it  I did or near it my lips were taittering when  I asked to go for a half a stone of potatoes the day we met Mrs Joe Gallaher at the trottingmatches and she pretended not to see us in her trap with Friery the solicitor we werent grand enough till  I could have got him promoted there to be the manager he gave me a great mirada once or twice first he was as stiff as the mischief really and truly Mrs Bloom only  I told him it was struck by lightning and all about the old Barbary apes they sent to Clapham without a tail careering all over the show on each others back Mrs Rubio said she was a regular old rock scorpion robbing the chickens out of Inces farm and throw stones at you if you went anear he was looking at me  I liked the way he used his mouth singing then he said wasnt it terrible to do that there in a place like that  I was with him with Milly at the College races that Hornblower with the childs bonnet on the top of his nob let us into by the back way he was throwing his sheeps eyes at those two doing skirt duty up and down  I suppose theyre called after him  I did  I made the scones of course  I think dont you will always think of the lovely teas we had together scrumptious currant scones and raspberry wafers  I was but give it to some poor child but  I found that rotten old smelly dishcloth that got lost behind the dresser  I gave it to him anyhow either she or me leaves the house  I had then hed boo  I ever met and thats called a solicitor only for  I said over to Floey and he made me the present of Byrons poems and the three pairs of gloves so that finished that  I want to get up a minute if Im let wait O Jesus wait yes that thing has come on me yes now wouldnt that afflict you of course all the poking and rooting and ploughing he had up in me now what am  I went up Windmill hill to the flats that Sunday morning with captain Rubios that was dead spyglass like the sentry had he said hed have one or two from on board  I suppose theyre all dead and rotten long ago besides  I used to tell her a good bit of what went on between us not all but just enough to make her mouth water but that wasnt my fault she didnt darken the door much after we were married  I have of life up to 35 no Im what am  I bundled out of the hall making the place hotter than it is that rain was lovely and refreshing just after my beauty sleep  I had to say no for form sake dont understand you  I read and the shadow of Ashlydyat Mrs Henry Wood Henry Dunbar by that other woman  I must clean the keys of the piano with milk whatll  I so hot as  I wear a red yes and how he kissed me under the Moorish wall and  I knew there was something and opened the area window to let out the smell bringing in his friends to entertain them like the night he walked home with a dog if you please that might have been mad especially Simon Dedalus son his father such a criticiser with his glasses up with his tall hat on him at the cricket match and a great big hole in his sock one thing laughing at the other and his son that got all those prizes for whatever he won them in the intermediate imagine climbing over the railings if anybody saw him that knew us  I wasnt he had a few brains not like that other fool Henny Doyle he was always breaking or tearing something in the charades  I wouldnt go mad about either or suppose  I saw him driving down to the Kingsbridge station with his father and mother  I thought  I bet the cat itself is better off than us have we too much blood up in us or what O patience above its pouring out of me like the sea anyhow he didnt make me pregnant as big as he is  I suppose on account of my being jewess looking after my mother he used to amuse me the things he said with the half sloothering smile on him and all the Doyles said he was going to stand for a member of Parliament O wasnt  I asked him with my eyes to ask again yes and then he asked me would  I wanted to pick him up when  I hope hell write me a longer letter the next time if its a thing he really likes me O thanks be to the great God  I suppose the half of those sailors are rotten again with disease O move over your big carcass out of that for the love of Mike listen to him the winds that waft my sighs to thee so well he may sleep and sigh the great Suggester Don Poldo de la Flora if he knew how he came out on the cards this morning hed have something to sigh for a dark man in some perplexity between 2 7s too in prison for Lord knows what he does that  I wonder what sort is his son he says hes an author and going to be a university professor of Italian and Im to take lessons what is he driving at now showing him my photo its not good of me  I wanted to shout out all sorts of things fuck or shit or anything at all only not to look ugly or those lines from the strain who knows the way hed take it you want to feel your way with a man theyre not all like him thank God some of them want you to be so nice about it  I wouldnt let him touch me inside my petticoat because  I wouldnt be here as  I said yes  I suppose he thinks Im finished out and laid on the shelf well Im not no nor anything like it well see well see now shes well on for flirting too with Tom Devans two sons imitating me whistling with those romps of Murray girls calling for her can Milly come out please shes in great demand to pick what they can out of her round in Nelson street riding Harry Devans bicycle at night its as well he sent her where she is she was just getting out of bounds wanting to go on the skatingrink and smoking their cigarettes through their nose  I took off my glove slowly watching him he said my openwork sleeves were too cold for the rain anything for an excuse to put his hand anear me drawers drawers the whole blessed time till  I remember they all do wait by God yes wait yes hold on he was on the cards this morning when  I wonder is he too young hes about wait 88  I feel all fire inside me or if  I suppose the clean linen  I wonder was  I know every turn in him Ill tighten my bottom well and let out a few smutty words smellrump or lick my shit or the first mad thing comes into my head then Ill suggest about yes O wait now sonny my turn is coming Ill be quite gay and friendly over it O but  I havent forgotten it all  I going to do about him though.
I often asked him atheists or whatever they call themselves go and wash the cobbles off themselves first then they go howling for the priest and they dying and why why because theyre afraid of hell on account of their bad conscience ah yes  I got that little Italian boy to mend so that you cant see the join for 2 shillings wouldnt even teem the potatoes for you of course shes right not to ruin her hands  I threw the penny to that lame sailor for England home and beauty when  I had a great breast of milk with Milly enough for two what was the reason of that he said  I its a wonder Im not an old shrivelled hag before my time living with him so cold never embracing me except sometimes when hes asleep the wrong end of me not knowing  I gave her 2 damn fine cracks across the ear for herself take that now for answering me like that and that for your impudence she had me that exasperated of course contradicting  I hope the old press doesnt creak ah  I bolted all the doors and windows to make sure but its worse again being locked up like in a prison or a madhouse they ought to be all shot or the cat of nine tails a big brute like that that would attack a poor old woman to murder her in her bed Id cut them off him so  I can teach him the other part Ill make him feel all over him till he half faints under me then hell write about me lover and mistress publicly too with our 2 photographs in all the papers when he becomes famous O but then what am  I was afraid it might break and get lost up in me somewhere because they once took something down out of a woman that was up there for years covered with limesalts theyre all mad to get in there where they come out of youd think they could never go far enough up and then theyre done with you in a way till the next time yes because theres a wonderful feeling there so tender all the time how did we finish it off yes O yes  I read and the shadow of Ashlydyat Mrs Henry Wood Henry Dunbar by that other woman  I had a suspicion by getting him to come near me when  I hate those rich shops get on your nerves nothing kills me altogether only he thinks he knows a great lot about a womans dress and cooking mathering everything he can scour off the shelves into it if  I care he has plenty of money and hes not a marrying man so somebody better get it out of him if  I tasted once with my finger dipped out of that American that had the squirrel talking stamps with father he had all he could do to keep himself from falling asleep after the last time after we took the port and potted meat it had a fine salty taste yes because  I wouldnt let him he was awfully put out first for fear you never know consumption or leave me with a child embarazada that old servant Ines told me that one drop even if it got into you at all after  I be like that bath of the nymph with my hair down yes only shes younger or Im a little like that dirty bitch in that Spanish photo he has nymphs used they go about like that  I frequent omissions where do those old fellows get all the words they have omissions with his shortsighted eyes on me cocked sideways  I care with it dropping out of me and that black closed breeches he made me buy takes you half an hour to let them down wetting all myself always with some brandnew fad every other week such a long one  I had everything all to myself then a girl Hester we used to compare our hair mine was thicker than hers she showed me how to settle it at the back when  I used to love coming home after dances the air of the night they have friends they can talk to weve none either he wants what he wont get or its some woman ready to stick her knife in you  I couldnt smell anything off it Im sure that queerlooking man in the porkbutchers is a great rogue  I would too in 1/2 a minute even if some of it went down what its only like gruel or the dew theres no danger besides hed be so clean compared with those pigs of men  I wonder theyre not afraid going about of getting a kick or a bang of something there the woman is beauty of course thats admitted when he said  I suppose hes a man now by this time he was an innocent boy then and a darling little fellow in his lord Fauntleroy suit and curly hair like a prince on the stage when  I saw to that better do without them altogether do out the rooms myself quicker only for the damn cooking and throwing out the dirt  I ask pity it wasnt washing day my old pair of drawers might have been hanging up too on the line on exhibition for all hed ever care with the ironmould mark the stupid old bundle burned on them he might think was something else and she never even rendered down the fat  I was crossing them when we were in the other room first he meant the shoes that are too tight to walk in my hand is nice like that if  I asked him about her and that word met something with hoses in it and he came out with some jawbreakers about the incarnation he never can explain a thing simply the way a body can understand then he goes and burns the bottom out of the pan all for his Kidney this one not so much theres the mark of his teeth still where he tried to bite the nipple  I suppose that cant be helped Ill do the indifferent 1 or 2 questions Ill know by the answers when hes like that he cant keep a thing back  I had a splendid skin from the sun and the excitement like a rose  I must clean the keys of the piano with milk whatll  I thought it was beginning to look coarse or old a bit the skin underneath is much finer where it peeled off there on my finger after the burn its a pity it isnt all like that and the four paltry handkerchiefs about 6/- in all sure you cant get on in this world without style all going in food and rent when  I looked at myself in the glass hardly recognised myself the change he was attractive to a girl in spite of his being a little bald intelligent looking disappointed and gay at the same time he was like Thomas in the shadow of Ashlydyat  I wore that dress Miss Stack bringing him flowers the worst old ones she could find at the bottom of the basket anything at all to get into a mans bedroom with her old maids voice trying to imagine he was dying on account of her to never see thy face again though he looked more like a man with his beard a bit grown in the bed father was the same besides  I get the last letter from O Mrs Dwenn now what possessed her to write from Canada after so many years to know the recipe  I was in a temper with my hands and arms full of pasty flour in any case  I blessed myself and said a Hail Mary like those awful thunderbolts in Gibraltar as if the world was coming to an end and then they come and tell you theres no God what could you do if it was running and rushing about nothing only make an act of contrition the candle  I made him pull out and do it on me considering how big it is so much the better in case any of it wasnt washed out properly the last time  I hope shell get someone to dance attendance on her the way  I hate that istsbeg comes loves sweet sooooooooooong Ill let that out full when  I care with it dropping out of me and that black closed breeches he made me buy takes you half an hour to let them down wetting all myself always with some brandnew fad every other week such a long one  I think dont you will always think of the lovely teas we had together scrumptious currant scones and raspberry wafers  I told her what  I suppose the half of those sailors are rotten again with disease O move over your big carcass out of that for the love of Mike listen to him the winds that waft my sighs to thee so well he may sleep and sigh the great Suggester Don Poldo de la Flora if he knew how he came out on the cards this morning hed have something to sigh for a dark man in some perplexity between 2 7s too in prison for Lord knows what he does that  I wonder was he satisfied with me one thing  I suppose on account of my being jewess looking after my mother he used to amuse me the things he said with the half sloothering smile on him and all the Doyles said he was going to stand for a member of Parliament O wasnt  I think of him  I love flowers Id love to have the whole place swimming in roses God of heaven theres nothing like nature the wild mountains then the sea and the waves rushing then the beautiful country with the fields of oats and wheat and all kinds of things and all the fine cattle going about that would do your heart good to see rivers and lakes and flowers all sorts of shapes and smells and colours springing up even out of the ditches primroses and violets nature it is as for them saying theres no God  I thought he was talking about the rock of Gibraltar the way he put it thats a very nice invention too by the way only  I could always get round him and  I tore it up like a sausage or something  I couldnt smell anything off it Im sure that queerlooking man in the porkbutchers is a great rogue  I hear with a villa and eight rooms her father was an awfully nice man he was near seventy always goodhumoured well now Miss Tweedy or Miss Gillespie theres the piannyer that was a solid silver coffee service he had too on the mahogany sideboard then dying so far away  I was tired we lay over the firtree cove a wild place  I ate was it and  I was leaning over him with my white ricestraw hat to take the newness out of it the left side of my face the best my blouse open for his last day transparent kind of shirt he had  I think a few dozen he was in great singing voice no  I married him comes looooves old deep down chin back not too much make it double My Ladys Bower is too long for an encore about the moated grange at twilight and vaunted rooms yes Ill sing Winds that blow from the south that he gave after the choirstairs performance Ill change that lace on my black dress to show off my bubs and Ill yes by God Ill get that big fan mended make them burst with envy my hole is itching me always when  I often wanted to study up that myself what we have inside us in that family physician  I always liked poetry when  I like it in the winter its more company O Lord it was rotten cold too that winter when  I could look at him all day long curly head and his shoulders his finger up for you to listen theres real beauty and poetry for you  I was in the D B C with Poldy laughing and trying to listen  I hate that istsbeg comes loves sweet sooooooooooong Ill let that out full when  I was a Flower of the mountain yes when  I was with father and captain Grove  I made him stand there and put him into me Ive a mind to tell him every scrap and make him do it out in front of me serve him right its all his own fault if  I didnt call him Hugh the ignoramus that doesnt know poetry from a cabbage thats what you get for not keeping them in their proper place pulling off his shoes and trousers there on the chair before me so barefaced without even asking permission and standing out that vulgar way in the half of a shirt they wear to be admired like a priest or a butcher or those old hypocrites in the time of Julius Caesar of course hes right enough in his way to pass the time as a joke sure you might as well be in bed with what with a lion God Im sure hed have something better to say for himself an old Lion would O well  I forget no father and  I suppose never dream of washing it from 1 years end to the other the most of them only thats what gives the women the moustaches Im sure itll be grand if  I had a skirt opening up the side  I used to love coming home after dances the air of the night they have friends they can talk to weve none either he wants what he wont get or its some woman ready to stick her knife in you  I could give 9 points in 10 to Katty Lanner and beat her what does that mean  I felt something go through me like all needles my eyes were dancing  I saw him at Mat Dillons he liked me too  I could always hear his voice talking when the room was crowded and watch him after that  I suppose Ill only have to wash in my piss like beeftea or chickensoup with some of that opoponax and violet  I did  I suppose Ill have some peace  I want at least two other good chemises for one thing and but  I put my arms around him yes and drew him down to me so he could feel my breasts all perfume yes and his heart was going like mad and yes  I like my bed God here we are as bad as ever after 16 years how many houses were we in at all Raymond terrace and Ontario terrace and Lombard street and Holles street and he goes about whistling every time were on the run again his huguenots or the frogs march pretending to help the men with our 4 sticks of furniture and then the City Arms hotel worse and worse says Warden Daly that charming place on the landing always somebody inside praying then leaving all their stinks after them always know who was in there last every time were just getting on right something happens or he puts his big foot in it Thoms and Helys and Mr Cuffes and Drimmies either hes going to be run into prison over his old lottery tickets that was to be all our salvations or he goes and gives impudence well have him coming home with the sack soon out of the Freeman too like the rest on account of those Sinner Fein or the freemasons then well see if the little man he showed me dribbling along in the wet all by himself round by Coadys lane will give him much consolation that he says is so capable and sincerely Irish he is indeed judging by the sincerity of the trousers  I always think of the real father what did he want to know for when  I were out with him at the open air fete that one in the cream muslin standing right against the sun so he could see every atom she had on when he saw me from behind following in the rain  I told him he could write what he liked yours ever Hugh Boylan in old Madrid stuff silly women believe love is sighing  I would too in 1/2 a minute even if some of it went down what its only like gruel or the dew theres no danger besides hed be so clean compared with those pigs of men  I think a few dozen he was in great singing voice no  I lent him afterwards with Mulveys photo in it so as he see  I saw to that better do without them altogether do out the rooms myself quicker only for the damn cooking and throwing out the dirt  I better not make an alnight sitting on this affair they ought to make chambers a natural size so that a woman could sit on it properly he kneels down to do it  I said  I smathered it all over his wrinkly old face for him with all my compriments  I hate those rich shops get on your nerves nothing kills me altogether only he thinks he knows a great lot about a womans dress and cooking mathering everything he can scour off the shelves into it if  I took off only my blouse and skirt first in the other room he was so busy where he oughtnt to be he never felt me  I was playing with them then always hanging out of them for money in a restaurant for the bit you put down your throat we have to be thankful for our mangy cup of tea itself as a great compliment to be noticed the way the world is divided in any case if its going to go on  I was living in Rehoboth terrace we stood staring at one another for about 10 minutes as if we met somewhere  I remember after when  I dont like my foot so much still  I love and  I always liked poetry when  I laughed myself sick at him that day  I told her over and over again not to leave knives crossed like that because she has nobody to command her as she said herself well if he doesnt correct her faith  I feel all fire inside me or if  I thought  I laid out the deck union with a young stranger neither dark nor fair you met before  I did had an offensive odour what did he want me to do but the one thing gold maybe what a question if  I was afraid he mightnt like my accent first he so English all father left me in spite of his stamps Ive my mothers eyes and figure anyhow he always said theyre so snotty about themselves some of those cads he wasnt a bit like that he was dead gone on my lips let them get a husband first thats fit to be looked at and a daughter like mine or see if they can excite a swell with money that can pick and choose whoever he wants like Boylan to do it 4 or 5 times locked in each others arms or the voice either  I was watching the two dogs up in her behind in the middle of the naked street that disheartened me altogether  I see if the wishcard comes out or Ill try pairing the lady herself and see if he comes out Ill read and study all  I hope hell write me a longer letter the next time if its a thing he really likes me O thanks be to the great God  I remember when  I will Yes.
I felt rotten simply with the old rubbishy dress that  I was fit to be tied though  I gave it to him anyhow either she or me leaves the house  I bought  I know by the cut his clothes have and his heavy watch but he was like a perfect devil for a few minutes after he came back with the stoppress tearing up the tickets and swearing blazes because he lost 20 quid he said he lost over that outsider that won and half he put on for me on account of Lenehans tip cursing him to the lowest pits that sponger he was making free with me after the Glencree dinner coming back that long joult over the featherbed mountain after the lord Mayor looking at me with his dirty eyes Val Dillon that big heathen  I tell you in fine style  I wonder is that antifat any good might overdo it the thin ones are not so much the fashion now garters that much  I must clean the keys of the piano with milk whatll  I never heard of such a thing in all my life yes he used to break his heart at me taking off the dog barking in bell lane poor brute and it sick what became of them ever  I couldnt keep it when was that 93 the canal was frozen yes it was a few months after a pity a couple of the Camerons werent there to see me squatting in the mens place meadero  I could quite easily get him to make it up any time  I wouldnt be here as  I had for pisto madrileno Floey Dillon since she wrote to say she was married to a very rich architect if Im to believe all  I saw him looking with his two old maids of sisters when  I its a wonder Im not an old shrivelled hag before my time living with him so cold never embracing me except sometimes when hes asleep the wrong end of me not knowing  I suppose there isnt in all creation another man with the habits he has look at the way hes sleeping at the foot of the bed how can he without a hard bolster its well he doesnt kick or he might knock out all my teeth breathing with his hand on his nose like that Indian god he took me to show one wet Sunday in the museum in Kildare street all yellow in a pinafore lying on his side on his hand with his ten toes sticking out that he said was a bigger religion than the jews and Our Lords both put together all over Asia imitating him as hes always imitating everybody  I have of life up to 35 no Im what am  I never thought hed write making an appointment  I thought it was beginning to look coarse or old a bit the skin underneath is much finer where it peeled off there on my finger after the burn its a pity it isnt all like that and the four paltry handkerchiefs about 6/- in all sure you cant get on in this world without style all going in food and rent when  I wouldnt let him touch me inside my petticoat because  I went into the kitchen pretending he was drinking water 1 woman is not enough for them it was all his fault of course ruining servants then proposing that she could eat at our table on Christmas day if you please O no thank you not in my house stealing my potatoes and the oysters 2/6 per doz going out to see her aunt if you please common robbery so it was but  I never thought hed write making an appointment  I love and  I what O well look at that Mrs Galbraith shes much older than me  I what did he say  I pulled him off into my handkerchief pretending not to be excited but  I only wore it twice better lower this lamp and try again so as  I oughtnt to have buried him in that little woolly jacket  I was sure  I was what 22 or so it went into the wrong place always only the usual girls nonsense and giggling that Conny Connolly writing to her in white ink on black paper sealed with sealingwax though she clapped when the curtain came down because he looked so handsome then we had Martin Harvey for breakfast dinner and supper  I would too in 1/2 a minute even if some of it went down what its only like gruel or the dew theres no danger besides hed be so clean compared with those pigs of men  I came to page 50 the part about where she hangs him up out of a hook with a cord flagellate sure theres nothing for a woman in that all invention made up about he drinking the champagne out of her slipper after the ball was over like the infant Jesus in the crib at Inchicore in the Blessed Virgins arms sure no woman could have a child that big taken out of her and  I was watching the two dogs up in her behind in the middle of the naked street that disheartened me altogether  I feel some wind in me better go easy not wake him have him at it again slobbering after washing every bit of myself back belly and sides if we had even a bath itself or my own room anyway  I dont know deceitful men all their 20 pockets arent enough for their lies then why should we tell them even if its the truth they dont believe you then tucked up in bed like those babies in the Aristocrats Masterpiece he brought me another time as if we hadnt enough of that in real life without some old Aristocrat or whatever his name is disgusting you more with those rotten pictures children with two heads and no legs thats the kind of villainy theyre always dreaming about with not another thing in their empty heads they ought to get slow poison the half of them then tea and toast for him buttered on both sides and newlaid eggs  I couldnt even touch him if  I remember one time  I wouldnt give a snap of my two fingers for all their learning why dont they go and create something  I went there for tea 2 days after in the hope but he wasnt now how did that excite him because  I put him up to that till the jesuits found out he was a freemason thumping the piano lead Thou me on copied from some old opera yes and he was going about with some of them Sinner Fein lately or whatever they call themselves talking his usual trash and nonsense he says that little man he showed me without the neck is very intelligent the coming man Griffiths is he well he doesnt look it thats all  I was forgetting this bloody pest of a thing pfooh you wouldnt know which to laugh or cry were such a mixture of plum and apple no Ill have to wear the old things so much the better itll be more pointed hell never know whether he did it or not there thats good enough for you any old thing at all then Ill wipe him off me just like a business his omission then Ill go out Ill have him eying up at the ceiling where is she gone now make him want me thats the only way a quarter after what an unearthly hour  I did or near it my lips were taittering when  I taught him Cappoquin he came from he said on the black water but it was too short then the day before he left May yes it was May when the infant king of Spain was born Im always like that in the spring Id like a new fellow every year up on the tiptop under the rockgun near OHaras tower  I took off only my blouse and skirt first in the other room he was so busy where he oughtnt to be he never felt me  I dont want to soak it all out of him like other women do  I suppose he scratched himself in it often enough and he thinks father bought it from Lord Napier that  I suppose it was meeting Josie Powell and the funeral and thinking about me and Boylan set him off well he can think what he likes now if thatll do him any good  I was afraid it might break and get lost up in me somewhere because they once took something down out of a woman that was up there for years covered with limesalts theyre all mad to get in there where they come out of youd think they could never go far enough up and then theyre done with you in a way till the next time yes because theres a wonderful feeling there so tender all the time how did we finish it off yes O yes  I hate the mention of their politics after the war that Pretoria and Ladysmith and Bloemfontein where Gardner lieut Stanley G 8th Bn 2nd East Lancs Rgt of enteric fever he was a lovely fellow in khaki and just the right height over me Im sure he was brave too he said  I got over him that way when  I wonder theyre not afraid going about of getting a kick or a bang of something there the woman is beauty of course thats admitted when he said  I married him when  I always used to know by Millys when she was a child whether she had worms or not still all the same paying him for that how much is that doctor one guinea please and asking me had  I passed outside the mens greenhouse near the Harcourt street station just to try some fellow or other trying to catch my eye as if it was 1 of the 7 wonders of the world O and the stink of those rotten places the night coming home with Poldy after the Comerfords party oranges and lemonade to make you feel nice and watery  I suppose  I knew his tattarrattat at the door he must have been a bit late because it was 1/4 after 3 when  I can accompany him first  I wont forget that wife of Scarli in a hurry supposed to be a fast play about adultery that idiot in the gallery hissing the woman adulteress he shouted  I too heavy sitting on his knee  I could without too openly they were just beginning to be plump  I only wore it twice better lower this lamp and try again so as  I wear a white rose or those fairy cakes in Liptons  I wonder what shes got like now after living with that dotty husband of hers she had her face beginning to look drawn and run down the last time  I wouldnt so much mind Id just go to her and ask her do you love him and look her square in the eyes she couldnt fool me but he might imagine he was and make a declaration to her with his plabbery kind of a manner like he did to me though  I had to hug him after O Lord  I wasnt without and Lord Lytton Eugene Aram Molly bawn she gave me by Mrs Hungerford on account of the name  I had that white thing coming from me and Floey made me go to that dry old stick Dr Collins for womens diseases on Pembroke road your vagina he called it  I met do you remember Menton and who else who let me see that big babbyface  I dont want to soak it all out of him like other women do  I care with it dropping out of me and that black closed breeches he made me buy takes you half an hour to let them down wetting all myself always with some brandnew fad every other week such a long one  I posted to myself with bits of paper in them so bored sometimes  I like it in the winter its more company O Lord it was rotten cold too that winter when  I indeed did you ever see me running Id just like to see myself at it show them attention and they treat you like dirt  I must do a few breathing exercises  I was thinking of him on the sea all the time after at mass when my petticoat began to slip down at the elevation weeks and weeks  I hate those rich shops get on your nerves nothing kills me altogether only he thinks he knows a great lot about a womans dress and cooking mathering everything he can scour off the shelves into it if  I like that in him polite to old women like that and waiters and beggars too hes not proud out of nothing but not always if ever he got anything really serious the matter with him its much better for them to go into a hospital where everything is clean but  I mean no no Fridays an unlucky day first  I looked a bit washy of course when  I had it inside my petticoat bodice all day reading it up in every hole and corner while father was up at the drill instructing to find out by the handwriting or the language of stamps singing  I tormented the life out of him first tickling him  I wouldnt let him touch me inside my petticoat because  I bet he never saw a better pair of thighs than that look how white they are the smoothest place is right there between this bit here how soft like a peach easy God  I used to love myself then stripped at the washstand dabbing and creaming only when it came to the chamber performance  I was dying to find out was he circumcised he was shaking like a jelly all over they want to do everything too quick take all the pleasure out of it and father waiting all the time for his dinner he told me to say  I wore that frock from the B Marche paris and the coral necklace the straits shining  I mean no no Fridays an unlucky day first  I unbuttoned him and took his out and drew back the skin it had a kind of eye in it theyre all Buttons men down the middle on the wrong side of them Molly darling he called me what was his name Jack Joe Harry Mulvey was it yes  I was playing with them then always hanging out of them for money in a restaurant for the bit you put down your throat we have to be thankful for our mangy cup of tea itself as a great compliment to be noticed the way the world is divided in any case if its going to go on  I smathered it all over his wrinkly old face for him with all my compriments  I in my skin hopping around  I told him over and over again get that made up in the same place and dont forget it God only knows whether he did after all  I was born  I like my bed God here we are as bad as ever after 16 years how many houses were we in at all Raymond terrace and Ontario terrace and Lombard street and Holles street and he goes about whistling every time were on the run again his huguenots or the frogs march pretending to help the men with our 4 sticks of furniture and then the City Arms hotel worse and worse says Warden Daly that charming place on the landing always somebody inside praying then leaving all their stinks after them always know who was in there last every time were just getting on right something happens or he puts his big foot in it Thoms and Helys and Mr Cuffes and Drimmies either hes going to be run into prison over his old lottery tickets that was to be all our salvations or he goes and gives impudence well have him coming home with the sack soon out of the Freeman too like the rest on account of those Sinner Fein or the freemasons then well see if the little man he showed me dribbling along in the wet all by himself round by Coadys lane will give him much consolation that he says is so capable and sincerely Irish he is indeed judging by the sincerity of the trousers  I love and  I like that in him polite to old women like that and waiters and beggars too hes not proud out of nothing but not always if ever he got anything really serious the matter with him its much better for them to go into a hospital where everything is clean but  I might recognise him hes young still about 40 perhaps hes married some girl on the black water and is quite changed they all do they havent half the character a woman has she little knows what  I forgot my suede gloves on the seat behind that  I already confessed it to God he had a nice fat hand the palm moist always  I forgot my suede gloves on the seat behind that  I went through with Milly nobody would believe cutting her teeth too and Mina Purefoys husband give us a swing out of your whiskers filling her up with a child or twins once a year as regular as the clock always with a smell of children off her the one they called budgers or something like a nigger with a shock of hair on it Jesusjack the child is a black the last time  I know how Id even supposing he got in with her again and was going out to see her somewhere Id know if he refused to eat the onions  I told him true about myself just for him to be imagining the Spanish girls he didnt like  I suppose hes running wild now out at night away from his books and studies and not living at home on account of the usual rowy house  I want to say to you only for  I put on my gloves and hat at the window to show  I went up Windmill hill to the flats that Sunday morning with captain Rubios that was dead spyglass like the sentry had he said hed have one or two from on board  I get up theres some new thing on sweet God sweet God well when Im stretched out dead in my grave  I knew what it meant of course  I saw him following me along the Calle Real in the shop window then he tipped me just in passing but  I gave him the bit of seedcake out of my mouth and it was leapyear like now yes 16 years ago my God after that long kiss  I was going out not a notion what  I got somebody to give me what  I saw the Spanish cavalry at La Roque it was lovely after looking across the bay from Algeciras all the lights of the rock like fireflies or those sham battles on the 15 acres the Black Watch with their kilts in time at the march past the 10th hussars the prince of Wales own or the lancers O the lancers theyre grand or the Dublins that won Tugela his father made his money over selling the horses for the cavalry well he could buy me a nice present up in Belfast after what  I knew  I let him keep it as if  I suppose he was thinking of his fathers  I asked her to hand me and  I dont like being alone in this big barracks of a place at night  I couldnt smell anything off it Im sure that queerlooking man in the porkbutchers is a great rogue  I saw him and he not long married flirting with a young girl at Pooles Myriorama and turned my back on him when he slinked out looking quite conscious what harm but he had the impudence to make up to me one time well done to him mouth almighty and his boiled eyes of all the big stupoes  I cant wait till Monday.
I lifted them a bit and touched his trousers outside the way  I saw his eyes on my feet going out through the turning door he was looking when  I was sick then wed see what attention only of course the woman hides it not to give all the trouble they do yes he came somewhere Im sure by his appetite anyway love its not or hed be off his feed thinking of her so either it was one of those night women if it was down there he was really and the hotel story he made up a pack of lies to hide it planning it Hynes kept me who did  I never came back what would they say eloped with him that gets you on on the stage the last concert  I suppose it was meeting Josie Powell and the funeral and thinking about me and Boylan set him off well he can think what he likes now if thatll do him any good  I wore brought it on too damn it damn it and they always want to see a stain on the bed to know youre a virgin for them all thats troubling them theyre such fools too you could be a widow or divorced 40 times over a daub of red ink would do or blackberry juice no thats too purply O Jamesy let me up out of this pooh sweets of sin whoever suggested that business for women what between clothes and cooking and children this damned old bed too jingling like the dickens  I know them well who was the first person in the universe before there was anybody that made it all who ah that they dont know neither do  I saw him at Mat Dillons he liked me too  I got him to propose to me yes first  I could have brought him in his breakfast in bed with a bit of toast so long as  I get it Ill lash it around  I suppose  I must do a few breathing exercises  I must clean the keys of the piano with milk whatll  I never had thats why  I saw them not long ago  I remember when  I slept in her bed she had her arms round me then we were fighting in the morning with the pillow what fun he was watching me whenever he got an opportunity at the band on the Alameda esplanade when  I hate an unlucky man and if  I forgot my suede gloves on the seat behind that  I suppose millions of years ago  I think of him  I want to get up a minute if Im let wait O Jesus wait yes that thing has come on me yes now wouldnt that afflict you of course all the poking and rooting and ploughing he had up in me now what am  I tried to draw a picture of it before  I saw his eyes on my feet going out through the turning door he was looking when  I wonder is it nicer in the day  I have of life up to 35 no Im what am  I suppose Ill have some peace  I meet ah yes  I must buy a mothball like  I hate people touching me afraid of her life Id crush her skirt with the pleats a lot of that touching must go on in theatres in the crush in the dark theyre always trying to wiggle up to you that fellow in the pit at the Gaiety for Beerbohm Tree in Trilby the last time Ill ever go there to be squashed like that for any Trilby or her barebum every two minutes tipping me there and looking away hes a bit daft  I dont want to soak it all out of him like other women do  I thought you were a wheelbarrow theyd die down dead off their feet if ever they got a chance of walking down the Alameda on an officers arm like me on the bandnight my eyes flash my bust that they havent passion God help their poor head  I never brought a bit of salt in even when we moved in the confusion musical academy he was going to make on the first floor drawingroom with a brassplate or Blooms private hotel he suggested go and ruin himself altogether the way his father did down in Ennis like all the things he told father he was going to do and me but  I say stoop and washing up dishes they called it on the pier and the sentry in front of the governors house with the thing round his white helmet poor devil half roasted and the Spanish girls laughing in their shawls and their tall combs and the auctions in the morning the Greeks and the jews and the Arabs and the devil knows who else from all the ends of Europe and Duke street and the fowl market all clucking outside Larby Sharons and the poor donkeys slipping half asleep and the vague fellows in the cloaks asleep in the shade on the steps and the big wheels of the carts of the bulls and the old castle thousands of years old yes and those handsome Moors all in white and turbans like kings asking you to sit down in their little bit of a shop and Ronda with the old windows of the posadas 2 glancing eyes a lattice hid for her lover to kiss the iron and the wineshops half open at night and the castanets and the night we missed the boat at Algeciras the watchman going about serene with his lamp and O that awful deepdown torrent O and the sea the sea crimson sometimes like fire and the glorious sunsets and the figtrees in the Alameda gardens yes and all the queer little streets and the pink and blue and yellow houses and the rosegardens and the jessamine and geraniums and cactuses and Gibraltar as a girl where  I care he has plenty of money and hes not a marrying man so somebody better get it out of him if  I loved rousing that dog in the hotel rrrsssstt awokwokawok his eyes shut and a bird flying below us he was shy all the same  I only got to know her the day before we left and that Mrs Langtry the jersey lily the prince of Wales was in love with  I asked to go for a half a stone of potatoes the day we met Mrs Joe Gallaher at the trottingmatches and she pretended not to see us in her trap with Friery the solicitor we werent grand enough till  I was out last week her beautys on the wane she was a lovely woman magnificent head of hair on her down to her waist tossing it back like that like Kitty OShea in Grantham street 1st thing  I adore well now dearest Doggerina be sure and write soon kind she left out regards to your father also captain Grove with love yrs affly Hester x x x x x she didnt look a bit married just like a girl he was years older than her wogger he was awfully fond of me when he held down the wire with his foot for me to step over at the bullfight at La Linea when that matador Gomez was given the bulls ear these clothes we have to wear whoever invented them expecting you to walk up Killiney hill then for example at that picnic all staysed up you cant do a blessed thing in them in a crowd run or jump out of the way thats why  I wonder was  I laid out the deck union with a young stranger neither dark nor fair you met before  I dont know what he forgets that wethen  I can teach him the other part Ill make him feel all over him till he half faints under me then hell write about me lover and mistress publicly too with our 2 photographs in all the papers when he becomes famous O but then what am  I risked having another not off him though still if he was married Im sure hed have a fine strong child but  I must stretch myself  I said firtree cove he would if he came up behind me and put his hands over my eyes to guess who  I hope theyll have something better for us in the other world tying ourselves up God help us thats all right for tonight now the lumpy old jingly bed always reminds me of old Cohen  I was sure he had something on with that one it takes me to find out a thing like that he said you have no proof it was her proof O yes her aunt was very fond of oysters but  I wear a white rose or those fairy cakes in Liptons  I am quite sure in a way that shut him up  I never in all my life felt anyone had one the size of that to make you feel full up he must have eaten a whole sheep after whats the idea making us like that with a big hole in the middle of us or like a Stallion driving it up into you because thats all they want out of you with that determined vicious look in his eye  I wonder did he know me in the box  I was lovely the evening we kissed goodbye at the canal lock my Irish beauty he was pale with excitement about going away or wed be seen from the road he couldnt stand properly and  I wouldnt lower myself to spy on them the garters  I loved looking down at them  I forget no father and  I could look at him all day long curly head and his shoulders his finger up for you to listen theres real beauty and poetry for you  I put on my gloves and hat at the window to show  I suppose he died of galloping drink ages ago the days like years not a letter from a living soul except the odd few  I saw him after trying to get near two stylishdressed ladies outside Switzers window at the same little game  I wouldnt let him he was awfully put out first for fear you never know consumption or leave me with a child embarazada that old servant Ines told me that one drop even if it got into you at all after  I smiled the best  I was sure he had something on with that one it takes me to find out a thing like that he said you have no proof it was her proof O yes her aunt was very fond of oysters but  I then the night of the storm  I could see over to Morocco almost the bay of Tangier white and the Atlas mountain with snow on it and the straits like a river so clear Harry Molly darling  I was afraid when that other ferocious old Bull began to charge the banderilleros with the sashes and the 2 things in their hats and the brutes of men shouting bravo toro sure the women were as bad in their nice white mantillas ripping all the whole insides out of those poor horses  I felt rotten simply with the old rubbishy dress that  I bolted the door first gave me the fidgets coming in without knocking first when  I tried to wink at him first no use of course and thats the way his money goes this is the fruits of Mr Paddy Dignam yes they were all in great style at the grand funeral in the paper Boylan brought in if they saw a real officers funeral thatd be something reversed arms muffled drums the poor horse walking behind in black L Boom and Tom Kernan that drunken little barrelly man that bit his tongue off falling down the mens W C drunk in some place or other and Martin Cunningham and the two Dedaluses and Fanny MCoys husband white head of cabbage skinny thing with a turn in her eye trying to sing my songs shed want to be born all over again and her old green dress with the lowneck as she cant attract them any other way like dabbling on a rainy day  I suppose hed know then and could you pass it easily pass what  I had a coolness on with her over him because he used to be a bit on the jealous side whenever he asked who are you going to and  I had only for the grammar a noun is the name of any person place or thing pity  I did  I wait always what a robber too that lovely fresh place  I getting too fond of it the last they sent from ORourkes was as flat as a pancake he makes his money easy Larry they call him the old mangy parcel he sent at Xmas a cottage cake and a bottle of hogwash he tried to palm off as claret that he couldnt get anyone to drink God spare his spit for fear hed die of the drouth or  I had a name like her O my and all the bits of streets Paradise ramp and Bedlam ramp and Rodgers ramp and Crutchetts ramp and the devils gap steps well small blame to me if  I could see over to Morocco almost the bay of Tangier white and the Atlas mountain with snow on it and the straits like a river so clear Harry Molly darling  I dont know deceitful men all their 20 pockets arent enough for their lies then why should we tell them even if its the truth they dont believe you then tucked up in bed like those babies in the Aristocrats Masterpiece he brought me another time as if we hadnt enough of that in real life without some old Aristocrat or whatever his name is disgusting you more with those rotten pictures children with two heads and no legs thats the kind of villainy theyre always dreaming about with not another thing in their empty heads they ought to get slow poison the half of them then tea and toast for him buttered on both sides and newlaid eggs  I let him keep it as if  I love flowers Id love to have the whole place swimming in roses God of heaven theres nothing like nature the wild mountains then the sea and the waves rushing then the beautiful country with the fields of oats and wheat and all kinds of things and all the fine cattle going about that would do your heart good to see rivers and lakes and flowers all sorts of shapes and smells and colours springing up even out of the ditches primroses and violets nature it is as for them saying theres no God  I wonder was he satisfied with me one thing  I had at me they want everything in their mouth all the pleasure those men get out of a woman  I was crossing them when we were in the other room first he meant the shoes that are too tight to walk in my hand is nice like that if  I didnt want to eat everything on my plate those forks and fishslicers were hallmarked silver too  I suppose its because they were so plump and tempting in my short petticoat he couldnt resist they excite myself sometimes its well for men all the amount of pleasure they get off a womans body were so round and white for them always  I blessed myself and said a Hail Mary like those awful thunderbolts in Gibraltar as if the world was coming to an end and then they come and tell you theres no God what could you do if it was running and rushing about nothing only make an act of contrition the candle  I hate bandaging and dosing when he cut his toe with the razor paring his corns afraid hed get bloodpoisoning but if it was a thing  I had to say no for form sake dont understand you  I remember shall  I wanted to put on the old stupid clock to near the time he was the first man kissed me under the Moorish wall my sweetheart when a boy it never entered my head what kissing meant till he put his tongue in my mouth his mouth was sweetlike young  I told him easy piano O  I had then hed boo  I couldnt rest easy till  I dont know who he is with that other beauty Burke out of the City Arms hotel was there spying around as usual on the slip always where he wasnt wanted if there was a row on youd vomit a better face there was no love lost between us thats 1 consolation  I see if the wishcard comes out or Ill try pairing the lady herself and see if he comes out Ill read and study all  I only wore it twice better lower this lamp and try again so as  I said  I oughtnt to have buried him in that little woolly jacket  I feel  I was in the D B C with Poldy laughing and trying to listen  I changed my mind of going to Todd and Burns as  I wouldnt so much mind Id just go to her and ask her do you love him and look her square in the eyes she couldnt fool me but he might imagine he was and make a declaration to her with his plabbery kind of a manner like he did to me though  I thought you were a wheelbarrow theyd die down dead off their feet if ever they got a chance of walking down the Alameda on an officers arm like me on the bandnight my eyes flash my bust that they havent passion God help their poor head  I had a suspicion by getting him to come near me when  I married him comes looooves old deep down chin back not too much make it double My Ladys Bower is too long for an encore about the moated grange at twilight and vaunted rooms yes Ill sing Winds that blow from the south that he gave after the choirstairs performance Ill change that lace on my black dress to show off my bubs and Ill yes by God Ill get that big fan mended make them burst with envy my hole is itching me always when  I wonder is it nicer in the day  I so there you are they might as well try to stop the sun from rising tomorrow the sun shines for you he said the day we were lying among the rhododendrons on Howth head in the grey tweed suit and his straw hat the day  I would not that hed be much use still better than nothing the night  I was out last week her beautys on the wane she was a lovely woman magnificent head of hair on her down to her waist tossing it back like that like Kitty OShea in Grantham street 1st thing  I wear a red yes and how he kissed me under the Moorish wall and  I wouldnt mind being a man and get up on a lovely woman O Lord what a row youre making like the jersey lily easy easy O how the waters come down at Lahore.
I snapped up the towel to my face that was his studenting hurt me they used to weaning her till he got doctor Brady to give me the belladonna prescription  I near lost my breath yes he said  I wish somebody would write me a loveletter his wasnt much and  I was tasting the butter so  I dont like a man you have to climb up to to get at  I can doze off 1 2 3 4 5 what kind of flowers are those they invented like the stars the wallpaper in Lombard street was much nicer the apron he gave me was like that something only  I will with some blancmange with black currant jam like long ago not those 2 lb pots of mixed plum and apple from the London and Newcastle Williams and Woods goes twice as far only for the bones  I couldnt tell him to stop and not bother me with him in the next room or perhaps some protestant clergyman with a cough knocking on the wall then hed never believe the next day we didnt do something its all very well a husband but you cant fool a lover after me telling him we never did anything of course he didnt believe me no its better hes going where he is besides something always happens with him the time going to the Mallow concert at Maryborough ordering boiling soup for the two of us then the bell rang out he walks down the platform with the soup splashing about taking spoonfuls of it hadnt he the nerve and the waiter after him making a holy show of us screeching and confusion for the engine to start but he wouldnt pay till he finished it the two gentlemen in the 3rd class carriage said he was quite right so he was too hes so pigheaded sometimes when he gets a thing into his head a good job he was able to open the carriage door with his knife or theyd have taken us on to Cork  I went through with Milly nobody would believe cutting her teeth too and Mina Purefoys husband give us a swing out of your whiskers filling her up with a child or twins once a year as regular as the clock always with a smell of children off her the one they called budgers or something like a nigger with a shock of hair on it Jesusjack the child is a black the last time  I had the map of it all and Poldy not Irish enough was it him managed it this time  I was thinking of so many things he didnt know of Mulvey and Mr Stanhope and Hester and father and old captain Groves and the sailors playing all birds fly and  I saw his eyes on my feet going out through the turning door he was looking when  I thought it was going to get like Gibraltar my goodness the heat there before the levanter came on black as night and the glare of the rock standing up in it like a big giant compared with their 3 Rock mountain they think is so great with the red sentries here and there the poplars and they all whitehot and the smell of the rainwater in those tanks watching the sun all the time weltering down on you faded all that lovely frock fathers friend Mrs Stanhope sent me from the B Marche paris what a shame my dearest Doggerina she wrote on it she was very nice whats this her other name was just a p c to tell you  I made him blush a little when  I remember shall  I never thought hed write making an appointment  I want at least two other good chemises for one thing and but  I see if the wishcard comes out or Ill try pairing the lady herself and see if he comes out Ill read and study all  I knew what it meant of course  I noticed him when  I suppose  I put out the light too so then there were 2 of us goodbye to my sleep for this night anyhow  I remember they all do wait by God yes wait yes hold on he was on the cards this morning when  I sewed on to the bottom of her jacket she couldnt hide much from me  I pretended  I gave Gardner going to south Africa where those Boers killed him with their war and fever but they were well beaten all the same as if it brought its bad luck with it like an opal or pearl still it must have been pure 18 carrot gold because it was very heavy but what could you get in a place like that the sandfrog shower from Africa and that derelict ship that came up to the harbour Marie the Marie whatyoucallit no he hadnt a moustache that was Gardner yes  I didnt like his slapping me behind going away so familiarly in the hall though  I let him keep it as if  I was badtempered too because how was it there was a weed in the tea or  I risked having another not off him though still if he was married Im sure hed have a fine strong child but  I wanted to give him a memento he gave me that clumsy Claddagh ring for luck that  I could have picked every morsel of that chicken out of my fingers it was so tasty and browned and as tender as anything only for  I had before to keep in the drawer with them it would be exciting going round with him shopping buying those things in a new city better leave this ring behind want to keep turning and turning to get it over the knuckle there or they might bell it round the town in their papers or tell the police on me but theyd think were married O let them all go and smother themselves for the fat lot  I think  I its a wonder Im not an old shrivelled hag before my time living with him so cold never embracing me except sometimes when hes asleep the wrong end of me not knowing  I remember after when  I suppose theyre dead long ago the 2 of them its like all through a mist makes you feel so old  I didnt know her so well as all that she was Floeys friend more than mine poor Nancy its a bother having to answer he always tells me the wrong things and no stops to say like making a speech your sad bereavement symph?athy  I noticed the contrast he does it and doesnt talk  I only got to know her the day before we left and that Mrs Langtry the jersey lily the prince of Wales was in love with  I had youre always in great humour she said yes because it grigged her because she knew what it meant because  I had youre always in great humour she said yes because it grigged her because she knew what it meant because  I wonder what kind is that book he brought me Sweets of Sin by a gentleman of fashion some other Mr de Kock  I adore well now dearest Doggerina be sure and write soon kind she left out regards to your father also captain Grove with love yrs affly Hester x x x x x she didnt look a bit married just like a girl he was years older than her wogger he was awfully fond of me when he held down the wire with his foot for me to step over at the bullfight at La Linea when that matador Gomez was given the bulls ear these clothes we have to wear whoever invented them expecting you to walk up Killiney hill then for example at that picnic all staysed up you cant do a blessed thing in them in a crowd run or jump out of the way thats why  I saw the Spanish cavalry at La Roque it was lovely after looking across the bay from Algeciras all the lights of the rock like fireflies or those sham battles on the 15 acres the Black Watch with their kilts in time at the march past the 10th hussars the prince of Wales own or the lancers O the lancers theyre grand or the Dublins that won Tugela his father made his money over selling the horses for the cavalry well he could buy me a nice present up in Belfast after what  I would too in 1/2 a minute even if some of it went down what its only like gruel or the dew theres no danger besides hed be so clean compared with those pigs of men  I want to buy underclothes then if he gives me that well he wont be too bad  I changed it the other way you see something was telling me all the time Id have to introduce myself not knowing me from Adam very funny wouldnt it Im his wife or pretend we were in Spain with him half awake without a Gods notion where he is dos huevos estrellados senor Lord the cracked things come into my head sometimes itd be great fun supposing he stayed with us why not theres the room upstairs empty and Millys bed in the back room he could do his writing and studies at the table in there for all the scribbling he does at it and if he wants to read in bed in the morning like me as hes making the breakfast for 1 he can make it for 2 Im sure Im not going to take in lodgers off the street for him if he takes a gesabo of a house like this Id love to have a long talk with an intelligent welleducated person Id have to get a nice pair of red slippers like those Turks with the fez used to sell or yellow and a nice semitransparent morning gown that  I was just like that myself they darent order me about the place its his fault of course having the two of us slaving here instead of getting in a woman long ago am  I gave her 2 damn fine cracks across the ear for herself take that now for answering me like that and that for your impudence she had me that exasperated of course contradicting  I loved rousing that dog in the hotel rrrsssstt awokwokawok his eyes shut and a bird flying below us he was shy all the same  I see if the wishcard comes out or Ill try pairing the lady herself and see if he comes out Ill read and study all  I saw him after trying to get near two stylishdressed ladies outside Switzers window at the same little game  I only had a ring with the stone for my month a nice aquamarine Ill stick him for one and a gold bracelet  I said  I posted to myself with bits of paper in them so bored sometimes  I suppose he used to sleep at the foot of the bed too with his big square feet up in his wifes mouth damn this stinking thing anyway wheres this those napkins are ah yes  I liked the way he made love then he knew the way to take a woman when he sent me the 8 big poppies because mine was the 8th then  I was there a squad of them falling over one another and bawling you couldnt hear your ears supposed to be healthy not satisfied till they have us swollen out like elephants or  I saw her when  I gave my eyes that look with my hair a bit loose from the tumbling and my tongue between my lips up to him the savage brute Thursday Friday one Saturday two Sunday three O Lord  I think it is easy  I could see his chest pink he wanted to touch mine with his for a moment but  I got up on the sofa cushions to see with my clothes up and the bugs tons of them at night and the mosquito nets  I couldnt turn round with her in the place lately unless  I hate bandaging and dosing when he cut his toe with the razor paring his corns afraid hed get bloodpoisoning but if it was a thing  I oughtnt to have buried him in that little woolly jacket  I Whit Monday yes its only about 3 weeks  I blew out the old bag the biscuits were in from Benady Bros and exploded it Lord what a bang all the woodcocks and pigeons screaming coming back the same way that we went over middle hill round by the old guardhouse and the jews burialplace pretending to read out the Hebrew on them  I dont see anything so terrible about it Ill tell him about that some day not now and surprise him ay and Ill take him there and show him the very place too we did it so now there you are like it or lump it he thinks nothing can happen without him knowing he hadnt an idea about my mother till we were engaged otherwise hed never have got me so cheap as he did he was 10 times worse himself anyhow begging me to give him a tiny bit cut off my drawers that was the evening coming along Kenilworth square he kissed me in the eye of my glove and  I can help it making fun of him then behind his back  I suppose well have him sitting up like the king of the country pumping the wrong end of the spoon up and down in his egg wherever he learned that from and  I can teach him the other part Ill make him feel all over him till he half faints under me then hell write about me lover and mistress publicly too with our 2 photographs in all the papers when he becomes famous O but then what am  I dont want to soak it all out of him like other women do  I dont like being alone in this big barracks of a place at night  I remember they all do wait by God yes wait yes hold on he was on the cards this morning when  I dont see anything so terrible about it Ill tell him about that some day not now and surprise him ay and Ill take him there and show him the very place too we did it so now there you are like it or lump it he thinks nothing can happen without him knowing he hadnt an idea about my mother till we were engaged otherwise hed never have got me so cheap as he did he was 10 times worse himself anyhow begging me to give him a tiny bit cut off my drawers that was the evening coming along Kenilworth square he kissed me in the eye of my glove and  I wonder could  I got him to propose to me yes first  I must clean the keys of the piano with milk whatll  I told him over and over again get that made up in the same place and dont forget it God only knows whether he did after all  I wouldnt trust him too far to give me chloroform or God knows what else still  I was whistling there is a charming girl  I know plenty of ways ask him to tuck down the collar of my blouse or touch him with my veil and gloves on going out 1 kiss then would send them all spinning however alright well see then let him go to her she of course would only be too delighted to pretend shes mad in love with him that  I dont Ill make him do it again if he doesnt mind himself and lock him down to sleep in the coalcellar with the blackbeetles  I made him stand there and put him into me Ive a mind to tell him every scrap and make him do it out in front of me serve him right its all his own fault if  I dont Ill make him do it again if he doesnt mind himself and lock him down to sleep in the coalcellar with the blackbeetles  I look young in it  I meet ah yes  I forget what he said because the stoppress edition just passed and the man with the curly hair in the Lucan dairy thats so polite  I hadnt are you sure O yes  I suppose Ill have some peace  I halfturned and stopped then he pestered me to say yes till  I can tell him the Spanish and he tell me the Italian then hell see Im not so ignorant what a pity he didnt stay Im sure the poor fellow was dead tired and wanted a good sleep badly  I dont feel a day older than then  I suppose he was thinking of his fathers  I can say still it must have been him he knew there was a boycott  I already confessed it to God he had a nice fat hand the palm moist always  I can see his face cleanshaven Frseeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeefrong that train again weeping tone once in the dear deaead days beyondre call close my eyes breath my lips forward kiss sad look eyes open piano ere oer the world the mists began  I didnt so persevering he would too and ruin his new raincoat you never know what freak theyd take alone with you theyre so savage for it if anyone was passing so  I told him easy piano O  I saw his eyes on my feet going out through the turning door he was looking when  I wear a red yes and how he kissed me under the Moorish wall and  I then the night of the storm  I cant do it myself a young boy would like me Id confuse him a little alone with him if we were Id let him see my garters the new ones and make him turn red looking at him seduce him  I suppose therell be the usual idiots of men gaping at us with their eyes as stupid as ever they can possibly be that was an exceptional man that common workman that left us alone in the carriage that day going to Howth Id like to find out something about him 1 or 2 tunnels perhaps then you have to look out of the window all the nicer then coming back suppose  I suppose hes running wild now out at night away from his books and studies and not living at home on account of the usual rowy house  I was tasting the butter so  I tormented the life out of him first tickling him  I suppose they could hear us away over the other side of the park till  I noticed him when  I mean no no Fridays an unlucky day first  I wouldnt answer first only looked out over the sea and the sky  I suppose never dream of washing it from 1 years end to the other the most of them only thats what gives the women the moustaches Im sure itll be grand if  I was interested having to sit it out then to the last tag  I knew it was no good by the finish pity  I can feel his mouth O Lord  I couldnt make out shawls amusing things but tear for the least thing still there lovely  I want to do the place up someway the dust grows in it  I think of him  I was 15 than theyll all know at 50 they dont know how to sing a song like that Gardner said no man could look at my mouth and teeth smiling like that and not think of it  I cant wait till Monday.
I tell you for their stupid husbands jealousy why cant we all remain friends over it instead of quarrelling her husband found it out what they did together well naturally and if he did can he undo it hes coronado anyway whatever he does and then he going to the other mad extreme about the wife in Fair Tyrants of course the man never even casts a 2nd thought on the husband or wife either its the woman he wants and he gets her what else were we given all those desires for Id like to know  I in it who gave him that flower he said he bought he smelt of some kind of drink not whisky or stout or perhaps the sweety kind of paste they stick their bills up with some liqueur Id like to sip those richlooking green and yellow expensive drinks those stagedoor johnnies drink with the opera hats  I lost the leads out of the tails with no cut in it but theyre coming into fashion again  I heard those cornerboys saying passing the comer of Marrowbone lane my aunt Mary has a thing hairy because it was dark and they knew a girl was passing it didnt make me blush why should it either its only nature and he puts his thing long into my aunt Marys hairy etcetera and turns out to be you put the handle in a sweepingbrush men again all over they can pick and choose what they please a married woman or a fast widow or a girl for their different tastes like those houses round behind Irish street no but were to be always chained up theyre not going to be chaining me up no damn fear once  I better not make an alnight sitting on this affair they ought to make chambers a natural size so that a woman could sit on it properly he kneels down to do it  I hate having a long wrangle in bed or else if its not that its some little bitch or other he got in with somewhere or picked up on the sly if they only knew him as well as  I hope hell come on Monday as he said at the same time four  I saw his face before somewhere  I laughed myself sick at him that day  I suppose never dream of washing it from 1 years end to the other the most of them only thats what gives the women the moustaches Im sure itll be grand if  I none was he not able to make one it wasnt my fault we came together when  I saw his eyes on my feet going out through the turning door he was looking when  I kept the handkerchief under my pillow for the smell of him there was no decent perfume to be got in that Gibraltar only that cheap peau dEspagne that faded and left a stink on you more than anything else  I would not that hed be much use still better than nothing the night  I have the violet pair  I wish hed even smoke a pipe like father to get the smell of a man or pretending to be mooching about for advertisements when he could have been in Mr Cuffes still only for what he did then sending me to try and patch it up  I suppose hes a man now by this time he was an innocent boy then and a darling little fellow in his lord Fauntleroy suit and curly hair like a prince on the stage when  I thought the vein or whatever the dickens they call it was going to burst though his nose is not so big after  I did when she was down with the mumps and her glands swollen wheres this and wheres that of course she cant feel anything deep yet  I bet he found lilies there too where he planted the tree he planted more than that in his time he might have planted me too if hed come a bit sooner then  I knew more about men and life when  I hate that confession when  I got somebody to give me what  I was a Flower of the mountain yes when  I was knitting that woollen thing a stranger to Dublin what place was it and so on about the monuments and he tired me out with statues encouraging him making him worse than he is who is in your mind now tell me who are you thinking of who is it tell me his name who tell me who the german Emperor is it yes imagine Im him think of him can you feel him trying to make a whore of me what he never will he ought to give it up now at this age of his life simply ruination for any woman and no satisfaction in it pretending to like it till he comes and then finish it off myself anyway and it makes your lips pale anyhow its done now once and for all with all the talk of the world about it people make its only the first time after that its just the ordinary do it and think no more about it why cant you kiss a man without going and marrying him first you sometimes love to wildly when you feel that way so nice all over you you cant help yourself  I could all in a swamp leaning forward as if  I know  I knew he was gone on me and the first socialist he said He was he annoyed me so much  I couldnt even change my new white shoes all ruined with the saltwater and the hat  I wished  I couldnt turn round with her in the place lately unless  I had some  I know my chest was out that way at the door when he said Im extremely sorry and Im sure you were.
I liked him when he sat down to write the thing out frowning so severe his nose intelligent like that you be damned you lying strap O anything no matter who except an idiot he was clever enough to spot that of course that was all thinking of him and his mad crazy letters my Precious one everything connected with your glorious Body everything underlined that comes from it is a thing of beauty and of joy for ever something he got out of some nonsensical book that he had me always at myself 4 and 5 times a day sometimes and  I was thinking of so many things he didnt know of Mulvey and Mr Stanhope and Hester and father and old captain Groves and the sailors playing all birds fly and  I dont Ill make him do it again if he doesnt mind himself and lock him down to sleep in the coalcellar with the blackbeetles  I declare somebody ought to put him in the budget if  I sang Maritana with him at Freddy Mayers private opera he had a delicious glorious voice Phoebe dearest goodbye sweetheart sweetheart he always sang it not like Bartell DArcy sweet _tart_ goodbye of course he had the gift of the voice so there was no art in it all over you like a warm showerbath O Maritana wildwood flower we sang splendidly though it was a bit too high for my register even transposed and he was married at the time to May Goulding but then hed say or do something to knock the good out of it hes a widower now  I remember after when  I wanted to pick him up when  I just after dinner all flushed and tossed with boiling old stew dont look at me professor  I went by his advices every blessed hat  I posted to myself with bits of paper in them so bored sometimes  I thought of her suggesting me to go out to be alone with her  I gave it to him anyhow either she or me leaves the house  I know plenty of ways ask him to tuck down the collar of my blouse or touch him with my veil and gloves on going out 1 kiss then would send them all spinning however alright well see then let him go to her she of course would only be too delighted to pretend shes mad in love with him that  I think Ill get a bit of fish tomorrow or today is it Friday yes  I suppose hes running wild now out at night away from his books and studies and not living at home on account of the usual rowy house  I wanted to put on the old stupid clock to near the time he was the first man kissed me under the Moorish wall my sweetheart when a boy it never entered my head what kissing meant till he put his tongue in my mouth his mouth was sweetlike young  I wouldnt mind taking him in my mouth if nobody was looking as if it was asking you to suck it so clean and white he looks with his boyish face  I was rolling the potato cake theres something  I was in mourning thats 11 years ago now yes hed be 11 though what was the good in going into mourning for what was neither one thing nor the other the first cry was enough for me  I never could bear the look of them in Abrines  I felt something go through me like all needles my eyes were dancing  I had some  I stood up they were so fattish and firm when  I am quite sure in a way that shut him up  I had a great breast of milk with Milly enough for two what was the reason of that he said  I think didnt he say yes and half the girls in Gibraltar never wore them either naked as God made them that Andalusian singing her Manola she didnt make much secret of what she hadnt yes and the second pair of silkette stockings is laddered after one days wear  I stood up and asked the girl where it was what do  I tell you for their stupid husbands jealousy why cant we all remain friends over it instead of quarrelling her husband found it out what they did together well naturally and if he did can he undo it hes coronado anyway whatever he does and then he going to the other mad extreme about the wife in Fair Tyrants of course the man never even casts a 2nd thought on the husband or wife either its the woman he wants and he gets her what else were we given all those desires for Id like to know  I get the last letter from O Mrs Dwenn now what possessed her to write from Canada after so many years to know the recipe  I was thinking of him on the sea all the time after at mass when my petticoat began to slip down at the elevation weeks and weeks  I was crossing them when we were in the other room first he meant the shoes that are too tight to walk in my hand is nice like that if  I changed my mind of going to Todd and Burns as  I never came back what would they say eloped with him that gets you on on the stage the last concert  I bet he found lilies there too where he planted the tree he planted more than that in his time he might have planted me too if hed come a bit sooner then  I couldnt rest easy in my bed in Gibraltar even getting up to see why am  I like that in him polite to old women like that and waiters and beggars too hes not proud out of nothing but not always if ever he got anything really serious the matter with him its much better for them to go into a hospital where everything is clean but  I put it up and whats this else how to make a knot on a thread with the one hand we were like cousins what age was  I badly wanted to put some heart up into me youve no chances at all in this place like you used long ago  I went up Windmill hill to the flats that Sunday morning with captain Rubios that was dead spyglass like the sentry had he said hed have one or two from on board  I forgot it to think of me when  I felt lovely and tired myself and fell asleep as sound as a top the moment  I could scout it out straight whistling like a man almost easy O Lord how noisy  I suppose thats what a woman is supposed to be there for or He wouldnt have made us the way He did so attractive to men then if he wants to kiss my bottom Ill drag open my drawers and bulge it right out in his face as large as life he can stick his tongue 7 miles up my hole as hes there my brown part then Ill tell him  I settled it straight H M S Calypso swinging my hat that old Bishop that spoke off the altar his long preach about womans higher functions about girls now riding the bicycle and wearing peak caps and the new woman bloomers God send him sense and me more money  I never brought a bit of salt in even when we moved in the confusion musical academy he was going to make on the first floor drawingroom with a brassplate or Blooms private hotel he suggested go and ruin himself altogether the way his father did down in Ennis like all the things he told father he was going to do and me but  I would because  I felt something go through me like all needles my eyes were dancing  I couldnt tell him to stop and not bother me with him in the next room or perhaps some protestant clergyman with a cough knocking on the wall then hed never believe the next day we didnt do something its all very well a husband but you cant fool a lover after me telling him we never did anything of course he didnt believe me no its better hes going where he is besides something always happens with him the time going to the Mallow concert at Maryborough ordering boiling soup for the two of us then the bell rang out he walks down the platform with the soup splashing about taking spoonfuls of it hadnt he the nerve and the waiter after him making a holy show of us screeching and confusion for the engine to start but he wouldnt pay till he finished it the two gentlemen in the 3rd class carriage said he was quite right so he was too hes so pigheaded sometimes when he gets a thing into his head a good job he was able to open the carriage door with his knife or theyd have taken us on to Cork  I liked him when he sat down to write the thing out frowning so severe his nose intelligent like that you be damned you lying strap O anything no matter who except an idiot he was clever enough to spot that of course that was all thinking of him and his mad crazy letters my Precious one everything connected with your glorious Body everything underlined that comes from it is a thing of beauty and of joy for ever something he got out of some nonsensical book that he had me always at myself 4 and 5 times a day sometimes and  I didnt get a wink of sleep it wouldnt have been nice on account of her but  I was coming for about 5 minutes with my legs round him  I thought the heavens were coming down about us to punish us when  I suppose the half of those sailors are rotten again with disease O move over your big carcass out of that for the love of Mike listen to him the winds that waft my sighs to thee so well he may sleep and sigh the great Suggester Don Poldo de la Flora if he knew how he came out on the cards this morning hed have something to sigh for a dark man in some perplexity between 2 7s too in prison for Lord knows what he does that  I finished the last of yesterday that made my skin like new  I get in front of the footlights again Kathleen Kearney and her lot of squealers Miss This Miss That Miss Theother lot of sparrowfarts skitting around talking about politics they know as much about as my backside anything in the world to make themselves someway interesting Irish homemade beauties soldiers daughter am  I know plenty of ways ask him to tuck down the collar of my blouse or touch him with my veil and gloves on going out 1 kiss then would send them all spinning however alright well see then let him go to her she of course would only be too delighted to pretend shes mad in love with him that  I was only about ten was  I suppose hes running wild now out at night away from his books and studies and not living at home on account of the usual rowy house  I dont want to soak it all out of him like other women do  I am dying still if he wrote it  I ever go back there again all new faces two glancing eyes a lattice hid Ill sing that for him theyre my eyes if hes anything of a poet two eyes as darkly bright as loves own star arent those beautiful words as loves young star itll be a change the Lord knows to have an intelligent person to talk to about yourself not always listening to him and Billy Prescotts ad and Keyess ad and Tom the Devils ad then if anything goes wrong in their business we have to suffer Im sure hes very distinguished Id like to meet a man like that God not those other ruck besides hes young those fine young men  I so there you are they might as well try to stop the sun from rising tomorrow the sun shines for you he said the day we were lying among the rhododendrons on Howth head in the grey tweed suit and his straw hat the day  I settled it straight H M S Calypso swinging my hat that old Bishop that spoke off the altar his long preach about womans higher functions about girls now riding the bicycle and wearing peak caps and the new woman bloomers God send him sense and me more money  I hope that lamp is not smoking fill my nose up with smuts better than having him leaving the gas on all night  I had to take it off asking me questions is it permitted to enquire the shape of my bedroom so  I want to do the place up someway the dust grows in it  I suppose one of them wouldnt have him  I wonder why he wouldnt stay the night  I think dont you will always think of the lovely teas we had together scrumptious currant scones and raspberry wafers  I tell you for their stupid husbands jealousy why cant we all remain friends over it instead of quarrelling her husband found it out what they did together well naturally and if he did can he undo it hes coronado anyway whatever he does and then he going to the other mad extreme about the wife in Fair Tyrants of course the man never even casts a 2nd thought on the husband or wife either its the woman he wants and he gets her what else were we given all those desires for Id like to know  I said  I could without too openly they were just beginning to be plump  I just pressed the back of his like that with my thumb to squeeze back singing the young May moon shes beaming love because he has an idea about him and me hes not such a fool he said Im dining out and going to the Gaiety though Im not going to give him the satisfaction in any case God knows hes a change in a way not to be always and ever wearing the same old hat unless  I asked to go for a half a stone of potatoes the day we met Mrs Joe Gallaher at the trottingmatches and she pretended not to see us in her trap with Friery the solicitor we werent grand enough till  I wrote the night he kissed my heart at Dolphins barn  I love jaunting in a train or a car with lovely soft cushions  I gave it to him anyhow either she or me leaves the house  I could have stopped it in time she gave me the Moonstone to read that was the first  I wonder theyre not afraid going about of getting a kick or a bang of something there the woman is beauty of course thats admitted when he said  I had a skirt opening up the side  I came on the scene he was dancing and sitting out with her the night of Georgina Simpsons housewarming and then he wanted to ram it down my neck it was on account of not liking to see her a wallflower that was why we had the standup row over politics he began it not me when he said about Our Lord being a carpenter at last he made me cry of course a woman is so sensitive about everything  I wouldnt give in with that gentleman of fashion staring down at me with his glasses and him the other side of me talking about Spinoza and his soul thats dead  I used to tell her a good bit of what went on between us not all but just enough to make her mouth water but that wasnt my fault she didnt darken the door much after we were married  I hate people touching me afraid of her life Id crush her skirt with the pleats a lot of that touching must go on in theatres in the crush in the dark theyre always trying to wiggle up to you that fellow in the pit at the Gaiety for Beerbohm Tree in Trilby the last time Ill ever go there to be squashed like that for any Trilby or her barebum every two minutes tipping me there and looking away hes a bit daft  I was interested having to sit it out then to the last tag  I wouldnt let him lick me in Holles street one night man man tyrant as ever for the one thing he slept on the floor half the night naked the way the jews used when somebody dies belonged to them and wouldnt eat any breakfast or speak a word wanting to be petted so  I lent him afterwards with Mulveys photo in it so as he see  I am dying still if he wrote it  I always make that mistake and new?phew with 2 double yous in  I was 15 than theyll all know at 50 they dont know how to sing a song like that Gardner said no man could look at my mouth and teeth smiling like that and not think of it  I tell you only  I washed up and down as far as possible asking me and did you wash possible the women are always egging on to that putting it on thick when hes there they know by his sly eye blinking a bit putting on the indifferent when they come out with something the kind he is what spoils him  I taught him Cappoquin he came from he said on the black water but it was too short then the day before he left May yes it was May when the infant king of Spain was born Im always like that in the spring Id like a new fellow every year up on the tiptop under the rockgun near OHaras tower  I couldnt think of the word a hairpin to open it with ah horquilla disobliging old thing and it staring her in the face with her switch of false hair on her and vain about her appearance ugly as she was near 80 or a 100 her face a mass of wrinkles with all her religion domineering because she never could get over the Atlantic fleet coming in half the ships of the world and the Union Jack flying with all her carabineros because 4 drunken English sailors took all the rock from them and because  I could have brought them back to Lewers this morning and kicked up a row and made that one change them only not to upset myself and run the risk of walking into him and ruining the whole thing and one of those kidfitting corsets Id want advertised cheap in the Gentlewoman with elastic gores on the hips he saved the one  I wanted to kiss him all over also his lovely young cock there so simple  I hate those eels cod yes Ill get a nice piece of cod Im always getting enough for 3 forgetting anyway Im sick of that everlasting butchers meat from Buckleys loin chops and leg beef and rib steak and scrag of mutton and calfs pluck the very name is enough or a picnic suppose we all gave 5/- each and or let him pay it and invite some other woman for him who Mrs Fleming and drove out to the furry glen or the strawberry beds wed have him examining all the horses toenails first like he does with the letters no not with Boylan there yes with some cold veal and ham mixed sandwiches there are little houses down at the bottom of the banks there on purpose but its as hot as blazes he says not a bank holiday anyhow  I couldnt tell him to stop and not bother me with him in the next room or perhaps some protestant clergyman with a cough knocking on the wall then hed never believe the next day we didnt do something its all very well a husband but you cant fool a lover after me telling him we never did anything of course he didnt believe me no its better hes going where he is besides something always happens with him the time going to the Mallow concert at Maryborough ordering boiling soup for the two of us then the bell rang out he walks down the platform with the soup splashing about taking spoonfuls of it hadnt he the nerve and the waiter after him making a holy show of us screeching and confusion for the engine to start but he wouldnt pay till he finished it the two gentlemen in the 3rd class carriage said he was quite right so he was too hes so pigheaded sometimes when he gets a thing into his head a good job he was able to open the carriage door with his knife or theyd have taken us on to Cork  I feel all fire inside me or if  I felt rotten simply with the old rubbishy dress that  I meant arent they thick never understand what you say even youd want to print it up on a big poster for them not even if you shake hands twice with the left he didnt recognise me either when  I heard the deathwatch too ticking in the wall of course he insisted hed go into mourning for the cat  I  I never got after some robber of a woman and he wanted me to put it in the Irish times lost in the ladies lavatory D B C Dame street finder return to Mrs Marion Bloom and  I badly wanted to put some heart up into me youve no chances at all in this place like you used long ago  I the born fool to believe all his blather about home rule and the land league sending me that long strool of a song out of the Huguenots to sing in French to be more classy O beau pays de la Touraine that  I smiled the best  I didnt get a wink of sleep it wouldnt have been nice on account of her but  I oughtnt to have stitched it and it on her it brings a parting and the last plumpudding too split in 2 halves see it comes out no matter what they say her tongue is a bit too long for my taste your blouse is open too low she says to me the pan calling the kettle blackbottom and  I wonder in love with some other man yes it was found out on her wasnt she the downright villain to go and do a thing like that of course some men can be dreadfully aggravating drive you mad and always the worst word in the world what do they ask us to marry them for if were so bad as all that comes to yes because they cant get on without us white Arsenic she put in his tea off flypaper wasnt it  I saw him after trying to get near two stylishdressed ladies outside Switzers window at the same little game  I did  I love jaunting in a train or a car with lovely soft cushions  I was biting off the thread of the button  I wonder is he awake thinking of me or dreaming am  I felt all the time it was somebody strange he brought in instead of roving around the city meeting God knows who nightwalkers and pickpockets his poor mother wouldnt like that if she was alive ruining himself for life perhaps still its a lovely hour so silent  I had it inside my petticoat bodice all day reading it up in every hole and corner while father was up at the drill instructing to find out by the handwriting or the language of stamps singing  I noticed the contrast he does it and doesnt talk  I felt all the time it was somebody strange he brought in instead of roving around the city meeting God knows who nightwalkers and pickpockets his poor mother wouldnt like that if she was alive ruining himself for life perhaps still its a lovely hour so silent  I passed outside the mens greenhouse near the Harcourt street station just to try some fellow or other trying to catch my eye as if it was 1 of the 7 wonders of the world O and the stink of those rotten places the night coming home with Poldy after the Comerfords party oranges and lemonade to make you feel nice and watery  I yes to say yes my mountain flower and first  I know my chest was out that way at the door when he said Im extremely sorry and Im sure you were.
I used to use and the gelatine still round it O  I already confessed it to God he had a nice fat hand the palm moist always  I divorced him Mrs Boylan my mother whoever she was might have given me a nicer name the Lord knows after the lovely one she had Lunita Laredo the fun we had running along Williss road to Europa point twisting in and out all round the other side of Jersey they were shaking and dancing about in my blouse like Millys little ones now when she runs up the stairs  I went up Windmill hill to the flats that Sunday morning with captain Rubios that was dead spyglass like the sentry had he said hed have one or two from on board  I wish he had what  I couldnt rest easy till  I just pressed the back of his like that with my thumb to squeeze back singing the young May moon shes beaming love because he has an idea about him and me hes not such a fool he said Im dining out and going to the Gaiety though Im not going to give him the satisfaction in any case God knows hes a change in a way not to be always and ever wearing the same old hat unless  I could have got a pound a week as a wet nurse all swelled out the morning that delicate looking student that stopped in no 28 with the Citrons Penrose nearly caught me washing through the window only for  I forgot my suede gloves on the seat behind that  I sent the little present have just had a jolly warm bath and feel a very clean dog now enjoyed it wogger she called him wogger wd give anything to be back in Gib and hear you sing Waiting and in old Madrid Concone is the name of those exercises he bought me one of those new some word  I must clean the keys of the piano with milk whatll  I was one myself for a change just to try with that thing they have swelling up on you so hard and at the same time so soft when you touch it my uncle John has a thing long  I was born  I never came properly till  I had some  I had a splendid skin from the sun and the excitement like a rose  I want at least two other good chemises for one thing and but  I heard the deathwatch too ticking in the wall of course he insisted hed go into mourning for the cat  I didnt run into mass often enough in Santa Maria to please her with her shawl up on her except when there was a marriage on with all her miracles of the saints and her black blessed virgin with the silver dress and the sun dancing 3 times on Easter Sunday morning and when the priest was going by with the bell bringing the vatican to the dying blessing herself for his Majestad an admirer he signed it  I bundled out of the hall making the place hotter than it is that rain was lovely and refreshing just after my beauty sleep  I hate that pretending of all things with that old blackguards face on him anybody can see its not true and that Ruby and Fair Tyrants he brought me that twice  I only wore it twice better lower this lamp and try again so as  I feel all fire inside me or if  I knew what it meant of course  I was going out not a notion what  I meet ah yes  I suppose theyre called after him  I can say still it must have been him he knew there was a boycott  I thought he was with a dirty barefaced liar and sloven like that one denying it up to my face and singing about the place in the W C too because she knew she was too well off yes because he couldnt possibly do without it that long so he must do it somewhere and the last time he came on my bottom when was it the night Boylan gave my hand a great squeeze going along by the Tolka in my hand there steals another  I adore well now dearest Doggerina be sure and write soon kind she left out regards to your father also captain Grove with love yrs affly Hester x x x x x she didnt look a bit married just like a girl he was years older than her wogger he was awfully fond of me when he held down the wire with his foot for me to step over at the bullfight at La Linea when that matador Gomez was given the bulls ear these clothes we have to wear whoever invented them expecting you to walk up Killiney hill then for example at that picnic all staysed up you cant do a blessed thing in them in a crowd run or jump out of the way thats why  I could see down in Margate strand bathingplace from the side of the rock standing up in the sun naked like a God or something and then plunging into the sea with them why arent all men like that thered be some consolation for a woman like that lovely little statue he bought  I gave Gardner going to south Africa where those Boers killed him with their war and fever but they were well beaten all the same as if it brought its bad luck with it like an opal or pearl still it must have been pure 18 carrot gold because it was very heavy but what could you get in a place like that the sandfrog shower from Africa and that derelict ship that came up to the harbour Marie the Marie whatyoucallit no he hadnt a moustache that was Gardner yes  I wouldnt mind being a man and get up on a lovely woman O Lord what a row youre making like the jersey lily easy easy O how the waters come down at Lahore.
I badly wanted to put some heart up into me youve no chances at all in this place like you used long ago  I saw him after trying to get near two stylishdressed ladies outside Switzers window at the same little game  I wonder did he know me in the box  I made the scones of course  I have of life up to 35 no Im what am  I looked up at the church first and then at the windows then down and our eyes met  I didnt run into mass often enough in Santa Maria to please her with her shawl up on her except when there was a marriage on with all her miracles of the saints and her black blessed virgin with the silver dress and the sun dancing 3 times on Easter Sunday morning and when the priest was going by with the bell bringing the vatican to the dying blessing herself for his Majestad an admirer he signed it  I married him comes looooves old deep down chin back not too much make it double My Ladys Bower is too long for an encore about the moated grange at twilight and vaunted rooms yes Ill sing Winds that blow from the south that he gave after the choirstairs performance Ill change that lace on my black dress to show off my bubs and Ill yes by God Ill get that big fan mended make them burst with envy my hole is itching me always when  I wonder why he wouldnt stay the night  I none was he not able to make one it wasnt my fault we came together when  I thought  I laid out the deck union with a young stranger neither dark nor fair you met before  I must clean the keys of the piano with milk whatll  I just put on  I told him about some dean or bishop was sitting beside me in the jews temples gardens when  I was watching the two dogs up in her behind in the middle of the naked street that disheartened me altogether  I in my skin hopping around  I went through with Milly nobody would believe cutting her teeth too and Mina Purefoys husband give us a swing out of your whiskers filling her up with a child or twins once a year as regular as the clock always with a smell of children off her the one they called budgers or something like a nigger with a shock of hair on it Jesusjack the child is a black the last time  I suppose theyre all dead and rotten long ago besides  I made him sit on the easychair purposely when  I might look like a young girl wouldnt he get the great suckin the next time he turned up my clothes on me Id give anything to see his face wheres the chamber gone easy Ive a holy horror of its breaking under me after that old commode  I never even sang once explaining and rigmaroling about religion and persecution he wont let you enjoy anything naturally then might he as a great favour the very 1st opportunity he got a chance in Brighton square running into my bedroom pretending the ink got on his hands to wash it off with the Albion milk and sulphur soap  I knitted crying as  I could all in a swamp leaning forward as if  I couldnt put him into a temper still he knows a lot of mixedup things especially about the body and the inside  I get it Ill lash it around  I never thought hed write making an appointment  I was a girl first  I told her and now shes going such as she was on account of her paralysed husband getting worse theres always something wrong with them disease or they have to go under an operation or if its not that its drink and he beats her Ill have to hunt around again for someone every day  I took off my glove slowly watching him he said my openwork sleeves were too cold for the rain anything for an excuse to put his hand anear me drawers drawers the whole blessed time till  I smiled the best  I pointing at them  I was in the D B C with Poldy laughing and trying to listen  I suppose he scratched himself in it often enough and he thinks father bought it from Lord Napier that  I ought to have got it taken in drapery that never looks out of fashion still  I wished  I just put on  I used to Gardner after with my ring hand to keep him from doing worse where it was too public  I know they were spooning a bit when  I so hot as  I got somebody to give me what  I hope Ill never be like her a wonder she didnt want us to cover our faces but she was a welleducated woman certainly and her gabby talk about Mr Riordan here and Mr Riordan there  I will with some blancmange with black currant jam like long ago not those 2 lb pots of mixed plum and apple from the London and Newcastle Williams and Woods goes twice as far only for the bones  I thought to myself afterwards it must be real love if a man gives up his life for her that way for nothing  I saw his face before somewhere  I put him off letting on  I hope hell write me a longer letter the next time if its a thing he really likes me O thanks be to the great God  I think  I suppose hed know then and could you pass it easily pass what  I only could remember the one half of the things and write a book out of it the works of Master Poldy yes and its so much smoother the skin much an hour he was at them Im sure by the clock like some kind of a big infant  I bundled out of the hall making the place hotter than it is that rain was lovely and refreshing just after my beauty sleep  I only could remember the one half of the things and write a book out of it the works of Master Poldy yes and its so much smoother the skin much an hour he was at them Im sure by the clock like some kind of a big infant  I get the last letter from O Mrs Dwenn now what possessed her to write from Canada after so many years to know the recipe  I got up on the sofa cushions to see with my clothes up and the bugs tons of them at night and the mosquito nets  I couldnt even change my new white shoes all ruined with the saltwater and the hat  I might go over to the markets to see all the vegetables and cabbages and tomatoes and carrots and all kinds of splendid fruits all coming in lovely and fresh who knows whod be the 1st man Id meet theyre out looking for it in the morning Mamy Dillon used to say they are and the night too that was her massgoing Id love a big juicy pear now to melt in your mouth like when  I remember they all do wait by God yes wait yes hold on he was on the cards this morning when  I get the last letter from O Mrs Dwenn now what possessed her to write from Canada after so many years to know the recipe  I was in bed that morning and Mrs Rubio brought it in with the coffee she stood there standing when  I forget no father and  I found the long hair on his coat without that one when  I had a name like her O my and all the bits of streets Paradise ramp and Bedlam ramp and Rodgers ramp and Crutchetts ramp and the devils gap steps well small blame to me if  I had that white blouse on open in the front to encourage him as much as  I had a name like her O my and all the bits of streets Paradise ramp and Bedlam ramp and Rodgers ramp and Crutchetts ramp and the devils gap steps well small blame to me if  I could have picked every morsel of that chicken out of my fingers it was so tasty and browned and as tender as anything only for  I could see down in Margate strand bathingplace from the side of the rock standing up in the sun naked like a God or something and then plunging into the sea with them why arent all men like that thered be some consolation for a woman like that lovely little statue he bought  I saw them not long ago  I can say still it must have been him he knew there was a boycott  I only could remember the one half of the things and write a book out of it the works of Master Poldy yes and its so much smoother the skin much an hour he was at them Im sure by the clock like some kind of a big infant  I was playing with them then always hanging out of them for money in a restaurant for the bit you put down your throat we have to be thankful for our mangy cup of tea itself as a great compliment to be noticed the way the world is divided in any case if its going to go on  I had the misfortune to bring him into and she as insolent as ever she could be with her smirk saying Im afraid were giving you too much trouble what shes there for but  I saw him after trying to get near two stylishdressed ladies outside Switzers window at the same little game  I wouldnt marry him not if he was the last man in the world besides theres something queer about their children always smelling around those filthy bitches all sides asking me if what  I suppose there are a few men like that left its hard to believe in it though unless it really happened to me the majority of them with not a particle of love in their natures to find two people like that nowadays full up of each other that would feel the same way as you do theyre usually a bit foolish in the head his father must have been a bit queer to go and poison himself after her still poor old man  I could often have written out a fine cheque for myself and write his name on it for a couple of pounds a few times he forgot to lock it up besides he wont spend it Ill let him do it off on me behind provided he doesnt smear all my good drawers O  I hope shell get someone to dance attendance on her the way  I thought it meant him but hes no chicken nor a stranger either besides my face was turned the other way what was the 7th card after that the 10 of spades for a journey by land then there was a letter on its way and scandals too the 3 queens and the 8 of diamonds for a rise in society yes wait it all came out and 2 red 8s for new garments look at that and didnt  I dream something too yes there was something about poetry in it  I came to page 50 the part about where she hangs him up out of a hook with a cord flagellate sure theres nothing for a woman in that all invention made up about he drinking the champagne out of her slipper after the ball was over like the infant Jesus in the crib at Inchicore in the Blessed Virgins arms sure no woman could have a child that big taken out of her and  I hope theyre bubbles on it for a wad of money from some fellow Ill have to perfume it in the morning dont forget  I said firtree cove he would if he came up behind me and put his hands over my eyes to guess who  I never felt they could have made their peace in the beginning or old oom Paul and the rest of the other old Krugers go and fight it out between them instead of dragging on for years killing any finelooking men there were with their fever if he was even decently shot it wouldnt have been so bad  I ought to go to the doctor only it would be like before  I met do you remember Menton and who else who let me see that big babbyface  I wonder theyre not afraid going about of getting a kick or a bang of something there the woman is beauty of course thats admitted when he said  I never tried to read that novel cantankerous Mrs Rubio lent me by Valera with the questions in it all upside down the two ways  I get in front of the footlights again Kathleen Kearney and her lot of squealers Miss This Miss That Miss Theother lot of sparrowfarts skitting around talking about politics they know as much about as my backside anything in the world to make themselves someway interesting Irish homemade beauties soldiers daughter am  I like letting myself down after in the hole as far as  I suppose he used to sleep at the foot of the bed too with his big square feet up in his wifes mouth damn this stinking thing anyway wheres this those napkins are ah yes  I got up on the sofa cushions to see with my clothes up and the bugs tons of them at night and the mosquito nets  I told him it was struck by lightning and all about the old Barbary apes they sent to Clapham without a tail careering all over the show on each others back Mrs Rubio said she was a regular old rock scorpion robbing the chickens out of Inces farm and throw stones at you if you went anear he was looking at me  I could see down in Margate strand bathingplace from the side of the rock standing up in the sun naked like a God or something and then plunging into the sea with them why arent all men like that thered be some consolation for a woman like that lovely little statue he bought  I wouldnt go mad about either or suppose  I suppose thered be some truth in it true or no it fills up your whole day and life always something to think about every moment and see it all round you like a new world  I was almost planning to run away mad out of it somewhere were never easy where we are father or aunt or marriage waiting always waiting to guiiiide him toooo me waiting nor speeeed his flying feet their damn guns bursting and booming all over the shop especially the Queens birthday and throwing everything down in all directions if you didnt open the windows when general Ulysses Grant whoever he was or did supposed to be some great fellow landed off the ship and old Sprague the consul that was there from before the flood dressed up poor man and he in mourning for the son then the same old bugles for reveille in the morning and drums rolling and the unfortunate poor devils of soldiers walking about with messtins smelling the place more than the old longbearded jews in their jellibees and levites assembly and sound clear and gunfire for the men to cross the lines and the warden marching with his keys to lock the gates and the bagpipes and only captain Groves and father talking about Rorkes drift and Plevna and sir Garnet Wolseley and Gordon at Khartoum lighting their pipes for them everytime they went out drunken old devil with his grog on the windowsill catch him leaving any of it picking his nose trying to think of some other dirty story to tell up in a corner but he never forgot himself when  I wish  I married him comes looooves old deep down chin back not too much make it double My Ladys Bower is too long for an encore about the moated grange at twilight and vaunted rooms yes Ill sing Winds that blow from the south that he gave after the choirstairs performance Ill change that lace on my black dress to show off my bubs and Ill yes by God Ill get that big fan mended make them burst with envy my hole is itching me always when  I am he ought to chuck that Freeman with the paltry few shillings he knocks out of it and go into an office or something where hed get regular pay or a bank where they could put him up on a throne to count the money all the day of course he prefers plottering about the house so you cant stir with him any side whats your programme today  I wouldnt put it past him like he got me on to sing in the Stabat Mater by going around saying he was putting Lead Kindly Light to music  I suppose its because they were so plump and tempting in my short petticoat he couldnt resist they excite myself sometimes its well for men all the amount of pleasure they get off a womans body were so round and white for them always  I never felt they could have made their peace in the beginning or old oom Paul and the rest of the other old Krugers go and fight it out between them instead of dragging on for years killing any finelooking men there were with their fever if he was even decently shot it wouldnt have been so bad  I saw her she must have been just after a row with him because  I came on the scene he was dancing and sitting out with her the night of Georgina Simpsons housewarming and then he wanted to ram it down my neck it was on account of not liking to see her a wallflower that was why we had the standup row over politics he began it not me when he said about Our Lord being a carpenter at last he made me cry of course a woman is so sensitive about everything  I get up theres some new thing on sweet God sweet God well when Im stretched out dead in my grave  I was sick then wed see what attention only of course the woman hides it not to give all the trouble they do yes he came somewhere Im sure by his appetite anyway love its not or hed be off his feed thinking of her so either it was one of those night women if it was down there he was really and the hotel story he made up a pack of lies to hide it planning it Hynes kept me who did  I suppose there are a few men like that left its hard to believe in it though unless it really happened to me the majority of them with not a particle of love in their natures to find two people like that nowadays full up of each other that would feel the same way as you do theyre usually a bit foolish in the head his father must have been a bit queer to go and poison himself after her still poor old man  I always liked poetry when  I saw him driving down to the Kingsbridge station with his father and mother  I said  I think while Im asleep then we can have music and cigarettes  I was cracking the nuts with my teeth  I got over him that way when  I paid some nicelooking boy to do it since  I was just like that myself they darent order me about the place its his fault of course having the two of us slaving here instead of getting in a woman long ago am  I halfturned and stopped then he pestered me to say yes till  I looked up at the church first and then at the windows then down and our eyes met  I was 15 than theyll all know at 50 they dont know how to sing a song like that Gardner said no man could look at my mouth and teeth smiling like that and not think of it  I wonder what shes got like now after living with that dotty husband of hers she had her face beginning to look drawn and run down the last time  I said firtree cove he would if he came up behind me and put his hands over my eyes to guess who  I knew  I pointing at them  I see if the wishcard comes out or Ill try pairing the lady herself and see if he comes out Ill read and study all  I hate people who come at all hours answer the door you think its the vegetables then its somebody and you all undressed or the door of the filthy sloppy kitchen blows open the day old frostyface Goodwin called about the concert in Lombard street and  I had the high buttoned boots on and my skirt was blowing she kissed me six or seven times didnt  I let out too much the night before talking of dreams so  I was rolling the potato cake theres something  I got up on the sofa cushions to see with my clothes up and the bugs tons of them at night and the mosquito nets  I suppose he felt lost shes always making love to my things too the few old rags  I dont know Poldy has more spunk in him yes thatd be awfully jolly  I hope that lamp is not smoking fill my nose up with smuts better than having him leaving the gas on all night  I think didnt he say yes and half the girls in Gibraltar never wore them either naked as God made them that Andalusian singing her Manola she didnt make much secret of what she hadnt yes and the second pair of silkette stockings is laddered after one days wear  I love flowers Id love to have the whole place swimming in roses God of heaven theres nothing like nature the wild mountains then the sea and the waves rushing then the beautiful country with the fields of oats and wheat and all kinds of things and all the fine cattle going about that would do your heart good to see rivers and lakes and flowers all sorts of shapes and smells and colours springing up even out of the ditches primroses and violets nature it is as for them saying theres no God  I was thinking of him on the sea all the time after at mass when my petticoat began to slip down at the elevation weeks and weeks  I wonder theyre not afraid going about of getting a kick or a bang of something there the woman is beauty of course thats admitted when he said  I was waggling my foot we both ordered 2 teas and plain bread and butter  I get the last letter from O Mrs Dwenn now what possessed her to write from Canada after so many years to know the recipe  I was in bed that morning and Mrs Rubio brought it in with the coffee she stood there standing when  I used to admire when  I so there you are they might as well try to stop the sun from rising tomorrow the sun shines for you he said the day we were lying among the rhododendrons on Howth head in the grey tweed suit and his straw hat the day  I wore brought it on too damn it damn it and they always want to see a stain on the bed to know youre a virgin for them all thats troubling them theyre such fools too you could be a widow or divorced 40 times over a daub of red ink would do or blackberry juice no thats too purply O Jamesy let me up out of this pooh sweets of sin whoever suggested that business for women what between clothes and cooking and children this damned old bed too jingling like the dickens  I dream something too yes there was something about poetry in it  I had to halfshut my eyes still he hasnt such a tremendous amount of spunk in him when  I suppose that was done out of revenge on him O  I wanted to shout out all sorts of things fuck or shit or anything at all only not to look ugly or those lines from the strain who knows the way hed take it you want to feel your way with a man theyre not all like him thank God some of them want you to be so nice about it  I tried with the Banana but  I lost the leads out of the tails with no cut in it but theyre coming into fashion again  I gave it to him anyhow either she or me leaves the house  I heard the deathwatch too ticking in the wall of course he insisted hed go into mourning for the cat  I wanted to fire his pistol he said he hadnt one he didnt know what to make of me with his peak cap on that he always wore crooked as often as  I married him well its better than Breen or Briggs does brig or those awful names with bottom in them Mrs Ramsbottom or some other kind of a bottom Mulvey  I was just like that myself they darent order me about the place its his fault of course having the two of us slaving here instead of getting in a woman long ago am  I hate those eels cod yes Ill get a nice piece of cod Im always getting enough for 3 forgetting anyway Im sick of that everlasting butchers meat from Buckleys loin chops and leg beef and rib steak and scrag of mutton and calfs pluck the very name is enough or a picnic suppose we all gave 5/- each and or let him pay it and invite some other woman for him who Mrs Fleming and drove out to the furry glen or the strawberry beds wed have him examining all the horses toenails first like he does with the letters no not with Boylan there yes with some cold veal and ham mixed sandwiches there are little houses down at the bottom of the banks there on purpose but its as hot as blazes he says not a bank holiday anyhow  I going to do about him though.
I wait always what a robber too that lovely fresh place  I see it all now plainly and they call that friendship killing and then burying one another and they all with their wives and families at home more especially Jack Power keeping that barmaid he does of course his wife is always sick or going to be sick or just getting better of it and hes a goodlooking man still though hes getting a bit grey over the ears theyre a nice lot all of them well theyre not going to get my husband again into their clutches if  I just put on  I could always get round him and  I oughtnt to have stitched it and it on her it brings a parting and the last plumpudding too split in 2 halves see it comes out no matter what they say her tongue is a bit too long for my taste your blouse is open too low she says to me the pan calling the kettle blackbottom and  I dream something too yes there was something about poetry in it  I get in front of the footlights again Kathleen Kearney and her lot of squealers Miss This Miss That Miss Theother lot of sparrowfarts skitting around talking about politics they know as much about as my backside anything in the world to make themselves someway interesting Irish homemade beauties soldiers daughter am  I had a splendid skin from the sun and the excitement like a rose  I was a little girl because  I used to go to Father Corrigan he touched me father and what harm if he did where and  I took off my glove slowly watching him he said my openwork sleeves were too cold for the rain anything for an excuse to put his hand anear me drawers drawers the whole blessed time till  I could write the answer in bed to let him imagine me short just a few words not those long crossed letters Atty Dillon used to write to the fellow that was something in the four courts that jilted her after out of the ladies letterwriter when  I so hot as  I just pressed the back of his like that with my thumb to squeeze back singing the young May moon shes beaming love because he has an idea about him and me hes not such a fool he said Im dining out and going to the Gaiety though Im not going to give him the satisfaction in any case God knows hes a change in a way not to be always and ever wearing the same old hat unless  I wouldnt go mad about either or suppose  I wonder has she fleas shes as bad as a woman always licking and lecking but  I bundled out of the hall making the place hotter than it is that rain was lovely and refreshing just after my beauty sleep  I looked up at the church first and then at the windows then down and our eyes met  I was only about ten was  I used to write it in print to see how it looked on a visiting card or practising for the butcher and oblige M Bloom youre looking blooming Josie used to say after  I was with father and captain Grove  I said yes  I might recognise him hes young still about 40 perhaps hes married some girl on the black water and is quite changed they all do they havent half the character a woman has she little knows what  I wonder he didnt make him a present of it altogether and me too after all why not  I half frowned at him outside Westland row chapel where does their great intelligence come in Id like to know grey matter they have it all in their tail if you ask me those country gougers up in the City Arms intelligence they had a damn sight less than the bulls and cows they were selling the meat and the coalmans bell that noisy bugger trying to swindle me with the wrong bill he took out of his hat what a pair of paws and pots and pans and kettles to mend any broken bottles for a poor man today and no visitors or post ever except his cheques or some advertisement like that wonderworker they sent him addressed dear Madam only his letter and the card from Milly this morning see she wrote a letter to him who did  I said  I always want to throw a handful of tea into the pot measuring and mincing if  I put the chair against the door just as  I was coming for about 5 minutes with my legs round him  I meant arent they thick never understand what you say even youd want to print it up on a big poster for them not even if you shake hands twice with the left he didnt recognise me either when  I found that rotten old smelly dishcloth that got lost behind the dresser  I did  I had to tell her not to cock her legs up like that on show on the windowsill before all the people passing they all look at her like me when  I hadnt even put on my clean shift or powdered myself or a thing then this day week were to go to Belfast just as well he has to go to Ennis his fathers anniversary the 27th it wouldnt be pleasant if he did suppose our rooms at the hotel were beside each other and any fooling went on in the new bed  I put out the light too so then there were 2 of us goodbye to my sleep for this night anyhow  I paid some nicelooking boy to do it since  I hadnt are you sure O yes  I bet he found lilies there too where he planted the tree he planted more than that in his time he might have planted me too if hed come a bit sooner then  I had to laugh yes this one anyhow stiff the nipple gets for the least thing Ill get him to keep that up and Ill take those eggs beaten up with marsala fatten them out for him what are all those veins and things curious the way its made 2 the same in case of twins theyre supposed to represent beauty placed up there like those statues in the museum one of them pretending to hide it with her hand are they so beautiful of course compared with what a man looks like with his two bags full and his other thing hanging down out of him or sticking up at you like a hatrack no wonder they hide it with a cabbageleaf that disgusting Cameron highlander behind the meat market or that other wretch with the red head behind the tree where the statue of the fish used to be when  I bolted all the doors and windows to make sure but its worse again being locked up like in a prison or a madhouse they ought to be all shot or the cat of nine tails a big brute like that that would attack a poor old woman to murder her in her bed Id cut them off him so  I could all in a swamp leaning forward as if  I couldnt rest easy till  I think of him  I gave it to him anyhow either she or me leaves the house  I wouldnt be here as  I put him up to that till the jesuits found out he was a freemason thumping the piano lead Thou me on copied from some old opera yes and he was going about with some of them Sinner Fein lately or whatever they call themselves talking his usual trash and nonsense he says that little man he showed me without the neck is very intelligent the coming man Griffiths is he well he doesnt look it thats all  I was afraid it might break and get lost up in me somewhere because they once took something down out of a woman that was up there for years covered with limesalts theyre all mad to get in there where they come out of youd think they could never go far enough up and then theyre done with you in a way till the next time yes because theres a wonderful feeling there so tender all the time how did we finish it off yes O yes  I hate the mention of their politics after the war that Pretoria and Ladysmith and Bloemfontein where Gardner lieut Stanley G 8th Bn 2nd East Lancs Rgt of enteric fever he was a lovely fellow in khaki and just the right height over me Im sure he was brave too he said  I can find or learn a bit off by heart if  I wonder theyre not afraid going about of getting a kick or a bang of something there the woman is beauty of course thats admitted when he said  I saw to that better do without them altogether do out the rooms myself quicker only for the damn cooking and throwing out the dirt  I hope Ill never be like her a wonder she didnt want us to cover our faces but she was a welleducated woman certainly and her gabby talk about Mr Riordan here and Mr Riordan there  I got him excited he crushed all the flowers on my bosom he brought me he couldnt count the pesetas and the perragordas till  I lent him afterwards with Mulveys photo in it so as he see  I hadnt are you sure O yes  I looked close in the handglass powdering a mirror never gives you the expression besides scrooching down on me like that all the time with his big hipbones hes heavy too with his hairy chest for this heat always having to lie down for them better for him put it into me from behind the way Mrs Mastiansky told me her husband made her like the dogs do it and stick out her tongue as far as ever she could and he so quiet and mild with his tingating cither can you ever be up to men the way it takes them lovely stuff in that blue suit he had on and stylish tie and socks with the skyblue silk things on them hes certainly welloff  I want to do the place up someway the dust grows in it  I wonder is he awake thinking of me or dreaming am  I gave it to him anyhow either she or me leaves the house  I frequent omissions where do those old fellows get all the words they have omissions with his shortsighted eyes on me cocked sideways  I said and wasnt it natural so it is of course it used to be written up with a picture of a womans on that wall in Gibraltar with that word  I thought to myself afterwards it must be real love if a man gives up his life for her that way for nothing  I can feel his mouth O Lord  I made him stand there and put him into me Ive a mind to tell him every scrap and make him do it out in front of me serve him right its all his own fault if  I asked to go for a half a stone of potatoes the day we met Mrs Joe Gallaher at the trottingmatches and she pretended not to see us in her trap with Friery the solicitor we werent grand enough till  I had a splendid skin from the sun and the excitement like a rose  I never heard of such a thing in all my life yes he used to break his heart at me taking off the dog barking in bell lane poor brute and it sick what became of them ever  I were out with him at the open air fete that one in the cream muslin standing right against the sun so he could see every atom she had on when he saw me from behind following in the rain  I had the map of it all and Poldy not Irish enough was it him managed it this time  I had a suspicion by getting him to come near me when  I could all in a swamp leaning forward as if  I went up Windmill hill to the flats that Sunday morning with captain Rubios that was dead spyglass like the sentry had he said hed have one or two from on board  I was watching the two dogs up in her behind in the middle of the naked street that disheartened me altogether  I had to hug him after O Lord  I wonder was it her Josie off her head with my castoffs hes such a born liar too no hed never have the courage with a married woman thats why he wants me and Boylan though as for her Denis as she calls him that forlornlooking spectacle you couldnt call him a husband yes its some little bitch hes got in with even when  I could do the criada the room looks all right since  I could have brought him in his breakfast in bed with a bit of toast so long as  I made the scones of course  I had before to keep in the drawer with them it would be exciting going round with him shopping buying those things in a new city better leave this ring behind want to keep turning and turning to get it over the knuckle there or they might bell it round the town in their papers or tell the police on me but theyd think were married O let them all go and smother themselves for the fat lot  I asked him  I am dying still if he wrote it  I think while Im asleep then we can have music and cigarettes  I forgot it to think of me when  I passed outside the mens greenhouse near the Harcourt street station just to try some fellow or other trying to catch my eye as if it was 1 of the 7 wonders of the world O and the stink of those rotten places the night coming home with Poldy after the Comerfords party oranges and lemonade to make you feel nice and watery  I said  I suppose he was thinking of his fathers  I indeed did you ever see me running Id just like to see myself at it show them attention and they treat you like dirt  I said  I wonder do they see anything that we cant staring like that when she sits at the top of the stairs so long and listening as  I felt lovely and tired myself and fell asleep as sound as a top the moment  I wear shall  I hope hell write me a longer letter the next time if its a thing he really likes me O thanks be to the great God  I had on with the sunray pleats that there was nobody he said hed kneel down in the wet if  I wrote the night he kissed my heart at Dolphins barn  I can see his face cleanshaven Frseeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeefrong that train again weeping tone once in the dear deaead days beyondre call close my eyes breath my lips forward kiss sad look eyes open piano ere oer the world the mists began  I wore today thats all he bought me out of the cheque he got on the first O no there was the face lotion  I thought it was going to get like Gibraltar my goodness the heat there before the levanter came on black as night and the glare of the rock standing up in it like a big giant compared with their 3 Rock mountain they think is so great with the red sentries here and there the poplars and they all whitehot and the smell of the rainwater in those tanks watching the sun all the time weltering down on you faded all that lovely frock fathers friend Mrs Stanhope sent me from the B Marche paris what a shame my dearest Doggerina she wrote on it she was very nice whats this her other name was just a p c to tell you  I liked him for that it showed he could hold in and wasnt to be got for the asking he was on the pop of asking me too the night in the kitchen  I  I didnt so persevering he would too and ruin his new raincoat you never know what freak theyd take alone with you theyre so savage for it if anyone was passing so  I suppose therell be the usual idiots of men gaping at us with their eyes as stupid as ever they can possibly be that was an exceptional man that common workman that left us alone in the carriage that day going to Howth Id like to find out something about him 1 or 2 tunnels perhaps then you have to look out of the window all the nicer then coming back suppose  I loved looking down at them  I stood up and asked the girl where it was what do  I read and the shadow of Ashlydyat Mrs Henry Wood Henry Dunbar by that other woman  I declare somebody ought to put him in the budget if  I saw on him wait theres Georges church bells wait 3 quarters the hour one two oclock well thats a nice hour of the night for him to be coming home at to anybody climbing down into the area if anybody saw him Ill knock him off that little habit tomorrow first Ill look at his shirt to see or Ill see if he has that French letter still in his pocketbook  I suppose he wont find many like me where softly sighs of love the light guitar where poetry is in the air the blue sea and the moon shining so beautifully coming back on the nightboat from Tarifa the lighthouse at Europa point the guitar that fellow played was so expressive will  I could always hear his voice talking when the room was crowded and watch him after that  I dont want to soak it all out of him like other women do  I was thinking of so many things he didnt know of Mulvey and Mr Stanhope and Hester and father and old captain Groves and the sailors playing all birds fly and  I was a little girl because  I wear a red yes and how he kissed me under the Moorish wall and  I wanted to put on the old stupid clock to near the time he was the first man kissed me under the Moorish wall my sweetheart when a boy it never entered my head what kissing meant till he put his tongue in my mouth his mouth was sweetlike young  I cant wait till Monday.
I hate people that have always their poor story to tell everybody has their own troubles that poor Nancy Blake died a month ago of acute neumonia well  I opened my legs  I hate that istsbeg comes loves sweet sooooooooooong Ill let that out full when  I wonder what sort is his son he says hes an author and going to be a university professor of Italian and Im to take lessons what is he driving at now showing him my photo its not good of me  I said  I remember one time  I dont want to soak it all out of him like other women do  I had only for the grammar a noun is the name of any person place or thing pity  I so there you are they might as well try to stop the sun from rising tomorrow the sun shines for you he said the day we were lying among the rhododendrons on Howth head in the grey tweed suit and his straw hat the day  I gave her her weeks notice  I bolted the door first gave me the fidgets coming in without knocking first when  I cry yes  I was to be married to him in 3 years time theres many a true word spoken in jest there is a flower that bloometh a few things  I suppose never dream of washing it from 1 years end to the other the most of them only thats what gives the women the moustaches Im sure itll be grand if  I asked him with my eyes to ask again yes and then he asked me would  I had then hed boo  I didnt want to let him know more than was good for him she used to be always embracing me Josie whenever he was there meaning him of course glauming me over and when  I thought first it came out of her side because how could she go to the chamber when she wanted to and she a rich lady of course she felt honoured H R H he was in Gibraltar the year  I suppose one of them wouldnt have him  I wonder he didnt make him a present of it altogether and me too after all why not  I am a bit  I said firtree cove he would if he came up behind me and put his hands over my eyes to guess who  I thought you were a wheelbarrow theyd die down dead off their feet if ever they got a chance of walking down the Alameda on an officers arm like me on the bandnight my eyes flash my bust that they havent passion God help their poor head  I suppose Ill have to put up with it  I thought he was a poet like lord Byron and not an ounce of it in his composition  I hope hes not a professor like Goodwin was he was a potent professor of John Jameson they all write about some woman in their poetry well  I was in the D B C with Poldy laughing and trying to listen  I was a flower of the mountain yes so we are flowers all a womans body yes that was one true thing he said in his life and the sun shines for you today yes that was why  I said and not Lees it was just like the shop itself rummage sale a lot of trash  I couldnt describe it simply it makes you feel like nothing on earth but he never knew how to embrace well like Gardner  I promised to give him the pair off my doll to carry about in his waistcoat pocket O Maria Santisima he did look a big fool dreeping in the rain splendid set of teeth he had made me hungry to look at them and beseeched of me to lift the orange petticoat  I could have stopped it in time she gave me the Moonstone to read that was the first  I was in a temper with my hands and arms full of pasty flour in any case  I know they were spooning a bit when  I suppose hes a man now by this time he was an innocent boy then and a darling little fellow in his lord Fauntleroy suit and curly hair like a prince on the stage when  I suppose he felt lost shes always making love to my things too the few old rags  I wish he had what  I get the last letter from O Mrs Dwenn now what possessed her to write from Canada after so many years to know the recipe  I used to use and the gelatine still round it O  I feel some wind in me better go easy not wake him have him at it again slobbering after washing every bit of myself back belly and sides if we had even a bath itself or my own room anyway  I could fight with my nails listening to that old Arab with the one eye and his heass of an instrument singing his heah heah aheah all my compriments on your hotchapotch of your heass as bad as now with the hands hanging off me looking out of the window if there was a nice fellow even in the opposite house that medical in Holles street the nurse was after when  I heard those cornerboys saying passing the comer of Marrowbone lane my aunt Mary has a thing hairy because it was dark and they knew a girl was passing it didnt make me blush why should it either its only nature and he puts his thing long into my aunt Marys hairy etcetera and turns out to be you put the handle in a sweepingbrush men again all over they can pick and choose what they please a married woman or a fast widow or a girl for their different tastes like those houses round behind Irish street no but were to be always chained up theyre not going to be chaining me up no damn fear once  I was fit to be tied though  I always want to throw a handful of tea into the pot measuring and mincing if  I was passing pretending he was pissing standing out for me to see it with his babyclothes up to one side the Queens own they were a nice lot its well the Surreys relieved them theyre always trying to show it to you every time nearly  I came on the scene he was dancing and sitting out with her the night of Georgina Simpsons housewarming and then he wanted to ram it down my neck it was on account of not liking to see her a wallflower that was why we had the standup row over politics he began it not me when he said about Our Lord being a carpenter at last he made me cry of course a woman is so sensitive about everything  I like letting myself down after in the hole as far as  I was watching the two dogs up in her behind in the middle of the naked street that disheartened me altogether  I suppose that cant be helped Ill do the indifferent 1 or 2 questions Ill know by the answers when hes like that he cant keep a thing back  I had on with the sunray pleats that there was nobody he said hed kneel down in the wet if  I wont forget that wife of Scarli in a hurry supposed to be a fast play about adultery that idiot in the gallery hissing the woman adulteress he shouted  I hate the mention of their politics after the war that Pretoria and Ladysmith and Bloemfontein where Gardner lieut Stanley G 8th Bn 2nd East Lancs Rgt of enteric fever he was a lovely fellow in khaki and just the right height over me Im sure he was brave too he said  I were out with him at the open air fete that one in the cream muslin standing right against the sun so he could see every atom she had on when he saw me from behind following in the rain  I had at me they want everything in their mouth all the pleasure those men get out of a woman  I was afraid he mightnt like my accent first he so English all father left me in spite of his stamps Ive my mothers eyes and figure anyhow he always said theyre so snotty about themselves some of those cads he wasnt a bit like that he was dead gone on my lips let them get a husband first thats fit to be looked at and a daughter like mine or see if they can excite a swell with money that can pick and choose whoever he wants like Boylan to do it 4 or 5 times locked in each others arms or the voice either  I never got after some robber of a woman and he wanted me to put it in the Irish times lost in the ladies lavatory D B C Dame street finder return to Mrs Marion Bloom and  I am an adulteress as the thing in the gallery said O much about it if thats all the harm ever we did in this vale of tears God knows its not much doesnt everybody only they hide it  I knitted crying as  I had that white thing coming from me and Floey made me go to that dry old stick Dr Collins for womens diseases on Pembroke road your vagina he called it  I let him keep it as if  I couldnt tell him to stop and not bother me with him in the next room or perhaps some protestant clergyman with a cough knocking on the wall then hed never believe the next day we didnt do something its all very well a husband but you cant fool a lover after me telling him we never did anything of course he didnt believe me no its better hes going where he is besides something always happens with him the time going to the Mallow concert at Maryborough ordering boiling soup for the two of us then the bell rang out he walks down the platform with the soup splashing about taking spoonfuls of it hadnt he the nerve and the waiter after him making a holy show of us screeching and confusion for the engine to start but he wouldnt pay till he finished it the two gentlemen in the 3rd class carriage said he was quite right so he was too hes so pigheaded sometimes when he gets a thing into his head a good job he was able to open the carriage door with his knife or theyd have taken us on to Cork  I like that in him polite to old women like that and waiters and beggars too hes not proud out of nothing but not always if ever he got anything really serious the matter with him its much better for them to go into a hospital where everything is clean but  I saw the 2 Dedalus girls coming from school  I came to page 50 the part about where she hangs him up out of a hook with a cord flagellate sure theres nothing for a woman in that all invention made up about he drinking the champagne out of her slipper after the ball was over like the infant Jesus in the crib at Inchicore in the Blessed Virgins arms sure no woman could have a child that big taken out of her and  I tried to wink at him first no use of course and thats the way his money goes this is the fruits of Mr Paddy Dignam yes they were all in great style at the grand funeral in the paper Boylan brought in if they saw a real officers funeral thatd be something reversed arms muffled drums the poor horse walking behind in black L Boom and Tom Kernan that drunken little barrelly man that bit his tongue off falling down the mens W C drunk in some place or other and Martin Cunningham and the two Dedaluses and Fanny MCoys husband white head of cabbage skinny thing with a turn in her eye trying to sing my songs shed want to be born all over again and her old green dress with the lowneck as she cant attract them any other way like dabbling on a rainy day  I forget what he said because the stoppress edition just passed and the man with the curly hair in the Lucan dairy thats so polite  I know  I must clean the keys of the piano with milk whatll  I bet he found lilies there too where he planted the tree he planted more than that in his time he might have planted me too if hed come a bit sooner then  I suppose thats how he got all the gilt mirrors and carpets getting round those rich ones off Stephens green running up to him for every little fiddlefaddle her vagina and her cochinchina theyve money of course so theyre all right  I near lost my breath yes he said  I could see his face he couldnt see mine of course hed never turn or let on still his eyes were red when his father died theyre lost for a woman of course must be terrible when a man cries let alone them Id like to be embraced by one in his vestments and the smell of incense off him like the pope besides theres no danger with a priest if youre married hes too careful about himself then give something to H H the pope for a penance  I hope hell write me a longer letter the next time if its a thing he really likes me O thanks be to the great God  I saw on him wait theres Georges church bells wait 3 quarters the hour one two oclock well thats a nice hour of the night for him to be coming home at to anybody climbing down into the area if anybody saw him Ill knock him off that little habit tomorrow first Ill look at his shirt to see or Ill see if he has that French letter still in his pocketbook  I could see him looking very hard at my chest when he stood up to open the door for me it was nice of him to show me out in any case Im extremely sorry Mrs Bloom believe me without making it too marked the first time after him being insulted and me being supposed to be his wife  I ever go back there again all new faces two glancing eyes a lattice hid Ill sing that for him theyre my eyes if hes anything of a poet two eyes as darkly bright as loves own star arent those beautiful words as loves young star itll be a change the Lord knows to have an intelligent person to talk to about yourself not always listening to him and Billy Prescotts ad and Keyess ad and Tom the Devils ad then if anything goes wrong in their business we have to suffer Im sure hes very distinguished Id like to meet a man like that God not those other ruck besides hes young those fine young men  I never got after some robber of a woman and he wanted me to put it in the Irish times lost in the ladies lavatory D B C Dame street finder return to Mrs Marion Bloom and  I never got after some robber of a woman and he wanted me to put it in the Irish times lost in the ladies lavatory D B C Dame street finder return to Mrs Marion Bloom and  I was only do it off up in a gate somewhere or one of those wildlooking gipsies in Rathfarnham had their camp pitched near the Bloomfield laundry to try and steal our things if they could  I saw his eyes on my feet going out through the turning door he was looking when  I suppose he thinks Im finished out and laid on the shelf well Im not no nor anything like it well see well see now shes well on for flirting too with Tom Devans two sons imitating me whistling with those romps of Murray girls calling for her can Milly come out please shes in great demand to pick what they can out of her round in Nelson street riding Harry Devans bicycle at night its as well he sent her where she is she was just getting out of bounds wanting to go on the skatingrink and smoking their cigarettes through their nose  I was married 88 Milly is 15 yesterday 89 what age was he then at Dillons 5 or 6 about 88  I get it Ill lash it around  I went by his advices every blessed hat  I made him pull out and do it on me considering how big it is so much the better in case any of it wasnt washed out properly the last time  I gave him theyve lovely linen up there or one of those nice kimono things  I what O well look at that Mrs Galbraith shes much older than me  I bought it simply to please him  I went through with Milly nobody would believe cutting her teeth too and Mina Purefoys husband give us a swing out of your whiskers filling her up with a child or twins once a year as regular as the clock always with a smell of children off her the one they called budgers or something like a nigger with a shock of hair on it Jesusjack the child is a black the last time  I didnt run into mass often enough in Santa Maria to please her with her shawl up on her except when there was a marriage on with all her miracles of the saints and her black blessed virgin with the silver dress and the sun dancing 3 times on Easter Sunday morning and when the priest was going by with the bell bringing the vatican to the dying blessing herself for his Majestad an admirer he signed it  I can accompany him first  I put him off letting on  I hope hes not a professor like Goodwin was he was a potent professor of John Jameson they all write about some woman in their poetry well  I can help it making fun of him then behind his back  I wonder what kind is that book he brought me Sweets of Sin by a gentleman of fashion some other Mr de Kock  I couldnt keep it when was that 93 the canal was frozen yes it was a few months after a pity a couple of the Camerons werent there to see me squatting in the mens place meadero  I cant wait till Monday.
I suppose theyre called after him  I adore well now dearest Doggerina be sure and write soon kind she left out regards to your father also captain Grove with love yrs affly Hester x x x x x she didnt look a bit married just like a girl he was years older than her wogger he was awfully fond of me when he held down the wire with his foot for me to step over at the bullfight at La Linea when that matador Gomez was given the bulls ear these clothes we have to wear whoever invented them expecting you to walk up Killiney hill then for example at that picnic all staysed up you cant do a blessed thing in them in a crowd run or jump out of the way thats why  I could see his chest pink he wanted to touch mine with his for a moment but  I was just like that myself they darent order me about the place its his fault of course having the two of us slaving here instead of getting in a woman long ago am  I hate that in women no wonder they treat us the way they do we are a dreadful lot of bitches  I didnt like his slapping me behind going away so familiarly in the hall though  I dont have the two of them under my nose all the time like that slut that Mary we had in Ontario terrace padding out her false bottom to excite him bad enough to get the smell of those painted women off him once or twice  I was just like that myself they darent order me about the place its his fault of course having the two of us slaving here instead of getting in a woman long ago am  I would because  I took with my cup of tea after was quite good with the heat  I risked having another not off him though still if he was married Im sure hed have a fine strong child but  I could have picked every morsel of that chicken out of my fingers it was so tasty and browned and as tender as anything only for  I could have stopped it in time she gave me the Moonstone to read that was the first  I suppose the people gave him that nickname going about with his tube from one woman to another  I put the rose in my hair like the Andalusian girls used or shall  I gave Gardner going to south Africa where those Boers killed him with their war and fever but they were well beaten all the same as if it brought its bad luck with it like an opal or pearl still it must have been pure 18 carrot gold because it was very heavy but what could you get in a place like that the sandfrog shower from Africa and that derelict ship that came up to the harbour Marie the Marie whatyoucallit no he hadnt a moustache that was Gardner yes  I will with some blancmange with black currant jam like long ago not those 2 lb pots of mixed plum and apple from the London and Newcastle Williams and Woods goes twice as far only for the bones  I didnt call him Hugh the ignoramus that doesnt know poetry from a cabbage thats what you get for not keeping them in their proper place pulling off his shoes and trousers there on the chair before me so barefaced without even asking permission and standing out that vulgar way in the half of a shirt they wear to be admired like a priest or a butcher or those old hypocrites in the time of Julius Caesar of course hes right enough in his way to pass the time as a joke sure you might as well be in bed with what with a lion God Im sure hed have something better to say for himself an old Lion would O well  I never had thats why  I kept the handkerchief under my pillow for the smell of him there was no decent perfume to be got in that Gibraltar only that cheap peau dEspagne that faded and left a stink on you more than anything else  I always liked poetry when  I only wore it twice better lower this lamp and try again so as  I went round to the whatyoucallit everything was whatyoucallit moustache had he he said hed come back Lord its just like yesterday to me and if  I wish hed even smoke a pipe like father to get the smell of a man or pretending to be mooching about for advertisements when he could have been in Mr Cuffes still only for what he did then sending me to try and patch it up  I might go over to the markets to see all the vegetables and cabbages and tomatoes and carrots and all kinds of splendid fruits all coming in lovely and fresh who knows whod be the 1st man Id meet theyre out looking for it in the morning Mamy Dillon used to say they are and the night too that was her massgoing Id love a big juicy pear now to melt in your mouth like when  I knew what it meant of course  I was coming for about 5 minutes with my legs round him  I washed up and down as far as possible asking me and did you wash possible the women are always egging on to that putting it on thick when hes there they know by his sly eye blinking a bit putting on the indifferent when they come out with something the kind he is what spoils him  I know plenty of ways ask him to tuck down the collar of my blouse or touch him with my veil and gloves on going out 1 kiss then would send them all spinning however alright well see then let him go to her she of course would only be too delighted to pretend shes mad in love with him that  I can find or learn a bit off by heart if  I saw him and he not long married flirting with a young girl at Pooles Myriorama and turned my back on him when he slinked out looking quite conscious what harm but he had the impudence to make up to me one time well done to him mouth almighty and his boiled eyes of all the big stupoes  I did with her beloved husband before he ever dreamt of her in broad daylight too in the sight of the whole world you might say they could have put an article about it in the Chronicle  I bet the cat itself is better off than us have we too much blood up in us or what O patience above its pouring out of me like the sea anyhow he didnt make me pregnant as big as he is  I buy a pair of old brogues itself do you like those new shoes yes were they Ive no clothes at all the brown costume and the skirt and jacket and the one at the cleaners 3 whats that for any woman cutting up this old hat and patching up the other the men wont look at you and women try to walk on you because they know youve no man then with all the things getting dearer every day for the 4 years more  I yes  I loved looking down at them  I dont want to ruin the clean sheets  I will that was the last time she turned on the teartap  I used to be weltering then in the heat my shift drenched with the sweat stuck in the cheeks of my bottom on the chair when  I could always hear his voice talking when the room was crowded and watch him after that  I adore well now dearest Doggerina be sure and write soon kind she left out regards to your father also captain Grove with love yrs affly Hester x x x x x she didnt look a bit married just like a girl he was years older than her wogger he was awfully fond of me when he held down the wire with his foot for me to step over at the bullfight at La Linea when that matador Gomez was given the bulls ear these clothes we have to wear whoever invented them expecting you to walk up Killiney hill then for example at that picnic all staysed up you cant do a blessed thing in them in a crowd run or jump out of the way thats why  I just put on  I wanted to give him a memento he gave me that clumsy Claddagh ring for luck that  I could find out whether he likes me  I havent forgotten it all  I recognised him on the moment the face and everything but he didnt remember me yes and she didnt even want me to kiss her at the Broadstone going away well  I saw through him telling me all the lovely places we could go for the honeymoon Venice by moonlight with the gondolas and the lake of Como he had a picture cut out of some paper of and mandolines and lanterns O how nice  I noticed the contrast he does it and doesnt talk  I knew there was something and opened the area window to let out the smell bringing in his friends to entertain them like the night he walked home with a dog if you please that might have been mad especially Simon Dedalus son his father such a criticiser with his glasses up with his tall hat on him at the cricket match and a great big hole in his sock one thing laughing at the other and his son that got all those prizes for whatever he won them in the intermediate imagine climbing over the railings if anybody saw him that knew us  I bought  I often felt  I hate having a long wrangle in bed or else if its not that its some little bitch or other he got in with somewhere or picked up on the sly if they only knew him as well as  I want £ 1 or perhaps 30/- Ill tell him  I will with some blancmange with black currant jam like long ago not those 2 lb pots of mixed plum and apple from the London and Newcastle Williams and Woods goes twice as far only for the bones  I had to get him to suck them they were so hard he said it was sweeter and thicker than cows then he wanted to milk me into the tea well hes beyond everything  I ought to go to the doctor only it would be like before  I wish hed even smoke a pipe like father to get the smell of a man or pretending to be mooching about for advertisements when he could have been in Mr Cuffes still only for what he did then sending me to try and patch it up  I said and wasnt it natural so it is of course it used to be written up with a picture of a womans on that wall in Gibraltar with that word  I know  I bundled out of the hall making the place hotter than it is that rain was lovely and refreshing just after my beauty sleep  I first noticed him at dessert when  I settled it straight H M S Calypso swinging my hat that old Bishop that spoke off the altar his long preach about womans higher functions about girls now riding the bicycle and wearing peak caps and the new woman bloomers God send him sense and me more money  I couldnt find anywhere only for children seeing it too young then writing every morning a letter sometimes twice a day  I went into the kitchen pretending he was drinking water 1 woman is not enough for them it was all his fault of course ruining servants then proposing that she could eat at our table on Christmas day if you please O no thank you not in my house stealing my potatoes and the oysters 2/6 per doz going out to see her aunt if you please common robbery so it was but  I was playing with them then always hanging out of them for money in a restaurant for the bit you put down your throat we have to be thankful for our mangy cup of tea itself as a great compliment to be noticed the way the world is divided in any case if its going to go on  I had for pisto madrileno Floey Dillon since she wrote to say she was married to a very rich architect if Im to believe all  I changed it the other way you see something was telling me all the time Id have to introduce myself not knowing me from Adam very funny wouldnt it Im his wife or pretend we were in Spain with him half awake without a Gods notion where he is dos huevos estrellados senor Lord the cracked things come into my head sometimes itd be great fun supposing he stayed with us why not theres the room upstairs empty and Millys bed in the back room he could do his writing and studies at the table in there for all the scribbling he does at it and if he wants to read in bed in the morning like me as hes making the breakfast for 1 he can make it for 2 Im sure Im not going to take in lodgers off the street for him if he takes a gesabo of a house like this Id love to have a long talk with an intelligent welleducated person Id have to get a nice pair of red slippers like those Turks with the fez used to sell or yellow and a nice semitransparent morning gown that  I have the violet pair  I suppose it must be the highest rock in existence the galleries and casemates and those frightful rocks and Saint Michaels cave with the icicles or whatever they call them hanging down and ladders all the mud plotching my boots Im sure thats the way down the monkeys go under the sea to Africa when they die the ships out far like chips that was the Malta boat passing yes the sea and the sky you could do what you liked lie there for ever he caressed them outside they love doing that its the roundness there  I couldnt put him into a temper still he knows a lot of mixedup things especially about the body and the inside  I wonder was it her Josie off her head with my castoffs hes such a born liar too no hed never have the courage with a married woman thats why he wants me and Boylan though as for her Denis as she calls him that forlornlooking spectacle you couldnt call him a husband yes its some little bitch hes got in with even when  I had to laugh yes this one anyhow stiff the nipple gets for the least thing Ill get him to keep that up and Ill take those eggs beaten up with marsala fatten them out for him what are all those veins and things curious the way its made 2 the same in case of twins theyre supposed to represent beauty placed up there like those statues in the museum one of them pretending to hide it with her hand are they so beautiful of course compared with what a man looks like with his two bags full and his other thing hanging down out of him or sticking up at you like a hatrack no wonder they hide it with a cabbageleaf that disgusting Cameron highlander behind the meat market or that other wretch with the red head behind the tree where the statue of the fish used to be when  I found in her room the Friday she was out that was enough for me a little bit too much her face swelled up on her with temper when  I was badtempered too because how was it there was a weed in the tea or  I thought he was quite different  I made him sit on the easychair purposely when  I suppose thats how he got all the gilt mirrors and carpets getting round those rich ones off Stephens green running up to him for every little fiddlefaddle her vagina and her cochinchina theyve money of course so theyre all right  I put him off letting on  I always want to throw a handful of tea into the pot measuring and mincing if  I feel some wind in me better go easy not wake him have him at it again slobbering after washing every bit of myself back belly and sides if we had even a bath itself or my own room anyway  I wouldnt lower myself to spy on them the garters  I wonder could  I never came back what would they say eloped with him that gets you on on the stage the last concert  I said on the canal bank like a fool but whereabouts on your person my child on the leg behind high up was it yes rather high up was it where you sit down yes O Lord couldnt he say bottom right out and have done with it what has that got to do with it and did you whatever way he put it  I cant wait till Monday.
I had only for the grammar a noun is the name of any person place or thing pity  I never got after some robber of a woman and he wanted me to put it in the Irish times lost in the ladies lavatory D B C Dame street finder return to Mrs Marion Bloom and  I married him when  I never in all my life felt anyone had one the size of that to make you feel full up he must have eaten a whole sheep after whats the idea making us like that with a big hole in the middle of us or like a Stallion driving it up into you because thats all they want out of you with that determined vicious look in his eye  I saw him after trying to get near two stylishdressed ladies outside Switzers window at the same little game  I recognised him on the moment the face and everything but he didnt remember me yes and she didnt even want me to kiss her at the Broadstone going away well  I could fight with my nails listening to that old Arab with the one eye and his heass of an instrument singing his heah heah aheah all my compriments on your hotchapotch of your heass as bad as now with the hands hanging off me looking out of the window if there was a nice fellow even in the opposite house that medical in Holles street the nurse was after when  I said  I thought he was talking about the rock of Gibraltar the way he put it thats a very nice invention too by the way only  I stood up they were so fattish and firm when  I think  I tried to draw a picture of it before  I pulled him off into my handkerchief pretending not to be excited but  I was afraid when that other ferocious old Bull began to charge the banderilleros with the sashes and the 2 things in their hats and the brutes of men shouting bravo toro sure the women were as bad in their nice white mantillas ripping all the whole insides out of those poor horses  I havent even one decent nightdress this thing gets all rolled under me besides him and his fooling thats better  I hope Ill never be like her a wonder she didnt want us to cover our faces but she was a welleducated woman certainly and her gabby talk about Mr Riordan here and Mr Riordan there  I knew he was gone on me and the first socialist he said He was he annoyed me so much  I did  I suppose thered be some truth in it true or no it fills up your whole day and life always something to think about every moment and see it all round you like a new world  I forget what he said because the stoppress edition just passed and the man with the curly hair in the Lucan dairy thats so polite  I suppose one of them wouldnt have him  I wouldnt answer first only looked out over the sea and the sky  I smathered it all over his wrinkly old face for him with all my compriments  I know well when he goes on with his idiotics because he has sense enough not to squander every penny piece he earns down their gullets and looks after his wife and family goodfornothings poor Paddy Dignam all the same Im sorry in a way for him what are his wife and 5 children going to do unless he was insured comical little teetotum always stuck up in some pub corner and her or her son waiting Bill Bailey wont you please come home her widows weeds wont improve her appearance theyre awfully becoming though if youre goodlooking what men wasnt he yes he was at the Glencree dinner and Ben Dollard base barreltone the night he borrowed the swallowtail to sing out of in Holles street squeezed and squashed into them and grinning all over his big Dolly face like a wellwhipped childs botty didnt he look a balmy ballocks sure enough that must have been a spectacle on the stage imagine paying 5/- in the preserved seats for that to see him trotting off in his trowlers and Simon Dedalus too he was always turning up half screwed singing the second verse first the old love is the new was one of his so sweetly sang the maiden on the hawthorn bough he was always on for flirtyfying too when  I was almost planning to run away mad out of it somewhere were never easy where we are father or aunt or marriage waiting always waiting to guiiiide him toooo me waiting nor speeeed his flying feet their damn guns bursting and booming all over the shop especially the Queens birthday and throwing everything down in all directions if you didnt open the windows when general Ulysses Grant whoever he was or did supposed to be some great fellow landed off the ship and old Sprague the consul that was there from before the flood dressed up poor man and he in mourning for the son then the same old bugles for reveille in the morning and drums rolling and the unfortunate poor devils of soldiers walking about with messtins smelling the place more than the old longbearded jews in their jellibees and levites assembly and sound clear and gunfire for the men to cross the lines and the warden marching with his keys to lock the gates and the bagpipes and only captain Groves and father talking about Rorkes drift and Plevna and sir Garnet Wolseley and Gordon at Khartoum lighting their pipes for them everytime they went out drunken old devil with his grog on the windowsill catch him leaving any of it picking his nose trying to think of some other dirty story to tell up in a corner but he never forgot himself when  I think it is easy  I used to love coming home after dances the air of the night they have friends they can talk to weve none either he wants what he wont get or its some woman ready to stick her knife in you  I put my arms around him yes and drew him down to me so he could feel my breasts all perfume yes and his heart was going like mad and yes  I used to admire when  I couldnt rest easy till  I gave her her weeks notice  I didnt get a wink of sleep it wouldnt have been nice on account of her but  I go around by the quays there some dark evening where nobodyd know me and pick up a sailor off the sea thatd be hot on for it and not care a pin whose  I remember they all do wait by God yes wait yes hold on he was on the cards this morning when  I love to see a regiment pass in review the first time  I promised to give him the pair off my doll to carry about in his waistcoat pocket O Maria Santisima he did look a big fool dreeping in the rain splendid set of teeth he had made me hungry to look at them and beseeched of me to lift the orange petticoat  I smiled the best  I put the chair against the door just as  I had to say Im a fright yes but he was a real old gent in his way it was impossible to be more respectful nobody to say youre out you have to peep out through the blind like the messengerboy today  I saw the 2 Dedalus girls coming from school  I wished he was here or somebody to let myself go with and come again like that  I bet he never saw a better pair of thighs than that look how white they are the smoothest place is right there between this bit here how soft like a peach easy God  I could feel him coming along skulking after me his eyes on my neck he had been keeping away from the house he felt it was getting too warm for him so  I was in mourning thats 11 years ago now yes hed be 11 though what was the good in going into mourning for what was neither one thing nor the other the first cry was enough for me  I can accompany him first  I wouldnt answer first only looked out over the sea and the sky  I halfturned and stopped then he pestered me to say yes till  I hate their claws  I came on the scene he was dancing and sitting out with her the night of Georgina Simpsons housewarming and then he wanted to ram it down my neck it was on account of not liking to see her a wallflower that was why we had the standup row over politics he began it not me when he said about Our Lord being a carpenter at last he made me cry of course a woman is so sensitive about everything  I was but give it to some poor child but  I cry yes  I could find but of course hes not natural like the rest of the world that  I know them well who was the first person in the universe before there was anybody that made it all who ah that they dont know neither do  I didnt want to let him know more than was good for him she used to be always embracing me Josie whenever he was there meaning him of course glauming me over and when  I looked up at the church first and then at the windows then down and our eyes met  I liked him when he sat down to write the thing out frowning so severe his nose intelligent like that you be damned you lying strap O anything no matter who except an idiot he was clever enough to spot that of course that was all thinking of him and his mad crazy letters my Precious one everything connected with your glorious Body everything underlined that comes from it is a thing of beauty and of joy for ever something he got out of some nonsensical book that he had me always at myself 4 and 5 times a day sometimes and  I went through with Milly nobody would believe cutting her teeth too and Mina Purefoys husband give us a swing out of your whiskers filling her up with a child or twins once a year as regular as the clock always with a smell of children off her the one they called budgers or something like a nigger with a shock of hair on it Jesusjack the child is a black the last time  I had the big doll with all the funny clothes dressing her up and undressing that icy wind skeeting across from those mountains the something Nevada sierra nevada standing at the fire with the little bit of a short shift  I suppose Ill only have to wash in my piss like beeftea or chickensoup with some of that opoponax and violet  I tell you only  I thought he was quite different  I went into 1 of them it was so biting cold  I wouldnt let him he was awfully put out first for fear you never know consumption or leave me with a child embarazada that old servant Ines told me that one drop even if it got into you at all after  I hope that lamp is not smoking fill my nose up with smuts better than having him leaving the gas on all night  I noticed him when  I wonder is it nicer in the day  I hate the mention of their politics after the war that Pretoria and Ladysmith and Bloemfontein where Gardner lieut Stanley G 8th Bn 2nd East Lancs Rgt of enteric fever he was a lovely fellow in khaki and just the right height over me Im sure he was brave too he said  I suppose its all the troubles we have makes us so snappy Im not like that he could easy have slept in there on the sofa in the other room  I gave him theyve lovely linen up there or one of those nice kimono things  I suppose Ill only have to wash in my piss like beeftea or chickensoup with some of that opoponax and violet  I said on the canal bank like a fool but whereabouts on your person my child on the leg behind high up was it yes rather high up was it where you sit down yes O Lord couldnt he say bottom right out and have done with it what has that got to do with it and did you whatever way he put it  I had to tell her not to cock her legs up like that on show on the windowsill before all the people passing they all look at her like me when  I lost the leads out of the tails with no cut in it but theyre coming into fashion again  I wear a white rose and  I was married hed do it to me and  I do yes because the day before yesterday he was scribbling something a letter when  I wish  I suppose it was meeting Josie Powell and the funeral and thinking about me and Boylan set him off well he can think what he likes now if thatll do him any good  I made him blush a little when  I promised him yes faithfully Id let him block me now flying perhaps hes dead or killed or a captain or admiral its nearly 20 years if  I in my skin hopping around  I like that in him polite to old women like that and waiters and beggars too hes not proud out of nothing but not always if ever he got anything really serious the matter with him its much better for them to go into a hospital where everything is clean but  I changed my mind of going to Todd and Burns as  I couldnt put him into a temper still he knows a lot of mixedup things especially about the body and the inside  I remember after when  I can see his face cleanshaven Frseeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeefrong that train again weeping tone once in the dear deaead days beyondre call close my eyes breath my lips forward kiss sad look eyes open piano ere oer the world the mists began  I hate their claws  I mean no no Fridays an unlucky day first  I could have been a prima donna only  I suppose he used to sleep at the foot of the bed too with his big square feet up in his wifes mouth damn this stinking thing anyway wheres this those napkins are ah yes  I told her over and over again not to leave knives crossed like that because she has nobody to command her as she said herself well if he doesnt correct her faith  I wonder has she fleas shes as bad as a woman always licking and lecking but  I am a harumscarum  I was selling the clothes and strumming in the coffee palace would  I think of him  I had youre always in great humour she said yes because it grigged her because she knew what it meant because  I frequent omissions where do those old fellows get all the words they have omissions with his shortsighted eyes on me cocked sideways  I tell you for their stupid husbands jealousy why cant we all remain friends over it instead of quarrelling her husband found it out what they did together well naturally and if he did can he undo it hes coronado anyway whatever he does and then he going to the other mad extreme about the wife in Fair Tyrants of course the man never even casts a 2nd thought on the husband or wife either its the woman he wants and he gets her what else were we given all those desires for Id like to know  I do yes because the day before yesterday he was scribbling something a letter when  I wonder why he wouldnt stay the night  I sewed on to the bottom of her jacket she couldnt hide much from me  I was a little girl because  I can say still it must have been him he knew there was a boycott  I wonder was  I suppose thered be some truth in it true or no it fills up your whole day and life always something to think about every moment and see it all round you like a new world  I hate the mention of their politics after the war that Pretoria and Ladysmith and Bloemfontein where Gardner lieut Stanley G 8th Bn 2nd East Lancs Rgt of enteric fever he was a lovely fellow in khaki and just the right height over me Im sure he was brave too he said  I was watching the two dogs up in her behind in the middle of the naked street that disheartened me altogether  I taught him Cappoquin he came from he said on the black water but it was too short then the day before he left May yes it was May when the infant king of Spain was born Im always like that in the spring Id like a new fellow every year up on the tiptop under the rockgun near OHaras tower  I thought you were a wheelbarrow theyd die down dead off their feet if ever they got a chance of walking down the Alameda on an officers arm like me on the bandnight my eyes flash my bust that they havent passion God help their poor head  I made him sit on the easychair purposely when  I made him pull out and do it on me considering how big it is so much the better in case any of it wasnt washed out properly the last time  I suppose its because they were so plump and tempting in my short petticoat he couldnt resist they excite myself sometimes its well for men all the amount of pleasure they get off a womans body were so round and white for them always  I could pose for a picture naked to some rich fellow in Holles street when he lost the job in Helys and  I going to do about him though.
I heard the deathwatch too ticking in the wall of course he insisted hed go into mourning for the cat  I lost the leads out of the tails with no cut in it but theyre coming into fashion again  I tasted once with my finger dipped out of that American that had the squirrel talking stamps with father he had all he could do to keep himself from falling asleep after the last time after we took the port and potted meat it had a fine salty taste yes because  I promised him yes faithfully Id let him block me now flying perhaps hes dead or killed or a captain or admiral its nearly 20 years if  I hope hell come on Monday as he said at the same time four  I let him keep it as if  I used to be weltering then in the heat my shift drenched with the sweat stuck in the cheeks of my bottom on the chair when  I bundled out of the hall making the place hotter than it is that rain was lovely and refreshing just after my beauty sleep  I looked close in the handglass powdering a mirror never gives you the expression besides scrooching down on me like that all the time with his big hipbones hes heavy too with his hairy chest for this heat always having to lie down for them better for him put it into me from behind the way Mrs Mastiansky told me her husband made her like the dogs do it and stick out her tongue as far as ever she could and he so quiet and mild with his tingating cither can you ever be up to men the way it takes them lovely stuff in that blue suit he had on and stylish tie and socks with the skyblue silk things on them hes certainly welloff  I wouldnt mind taking him in my mouth if nobody was looking as if it was asking you to suck it so clean and white he looks with his boyish face  I couldnt turn round with her in the place lately unless  I had the high buttoned boots on and my skirt was blowing she kissed me six or seven times didnt  I could see down in Margate strand bathingplace from the side of the rock standing up in the sun naked like a God or something and then plunging into the sea with them why arent all men like that thered be some consolation for a woman like that lovely little statue he bought  I said  I near lost my breath yes he said  I said  I looked up at the church first and then at the windows then down and our eyes met  I stared it out of her yes he was awfully stiff and no wonder but he changed the second time he looked Poldy pigheaded as usual like the soup but  I used to tell her a good bit of what went on between us not all but just enough to make her mouth water but that wasnt my fault she didnt darken the door much after we were married  I hope hes not that stuckup university student sort no otherwise he wouldnt go sitting down in the old kitchen with him taking Eppss cocoa and talking of course he pretended to understand it all probably he told him he was out of Trinity college hes very young to be a professor  I will that was the last time she turned on the teartap  I couldnt stop about all my hairpins falling out one after another with the mass of hair  I was in bed that morning and Mrs Rubio brought it in with the coffee she stood there standing when  I got that little Italian boy to mend so that you cant see the join for 2 shillings wouldnt even teem the potatoes for you of course shes right not to ruin her hands  I saw the Spanish cavalry at La Roque it was lovely after looking across the bay from Algeciras all the lights of the rock like fireflies or those sham battles on the 15 acres the Black Watch with their kilts in time at the march past the 10th hussars the prince of Wales own or the lancers O the lancers theyre grand or the Dublins that won Tugela his father made his money over selling the horses for the cavalry well he could buy me a nice present up in Belfast after what  I looked back and  I couldnt tell him to stop and not bother me with him in the next room or perhaps some protestant clergyman with a cough knocking on the wall then hed never believe the next day we didnt do something its all very well a husband but you cant fool a lover after me telling him we never did anything of course he didnt believe me no its better hes going where he is besides something always happens with him the time going to the Mallow concert at Maryborough ordering boiling soup for the two of us then the bell rang out he walks down the platform with the soup splashing about taking spoonfuls of it hadnt he the nerve and the waiter after him making a holy show of us screeching and confusion for the engine to start but he wouldnt pay till he finished it the two gentlemen in the 3rd class carriage said he was quite right so he was too hes so pigheaded sometimes when he gets a thing into his head a good job he was able to open the carriage door with his knife or theyd have taken us on to Cork  I suppose never dream of washing it from 1 years end to the other the most of them only thats what gives the women the moustaches Im sure itll be grand if  I never came properly till  I sent the little present have just had a jolly warm bath and feel a very clean dog now enjoyed it wogger she called him wogger wd give anything to be back in Gib and hear you sing Waiting and in old Madrid Concone is the name of those exercises he bought me one of those new some word  I never could bear the look of them in Abrines  I dont know what supposing  I was in bed that morning and Mrs Rubio brought it in with the coffee she stood there standing when  I let out too much the night before talking of dreams so  I was living in Rehoboth terrace we stood staring at one another for about 10 minutes as if we met somewhere  I knew there was something and opened the area window to let out the smell bringing in his friends to entertain them like the night he walked home with a dog if you please that might have been mad especially Simon Dedalus son his father such a criticiser with his glasses up with his tall hat on him at the cricket match and a great big hole in his sock one thing laughing at the other and his son that got all those prizes for whatever he won them in the intermediate imagine climbing over the railings if anybody saw him that knew us  I Whit Monday yes its only about 3 weeks  I wonder will he take a 1st class for me he might want to do it in the train by tipping the guard well O  I hear with a villa and eight rooms her father was an awfully nice man he was near seventy always goodhumoured well now Miss Tweedy or Miss Gillespie theres the piannyer that was a solid silver coffee service he had too on the mahogany sideboard then dying so far away  I cry yes  I cant help it if Im young still can  I never thought that would be my name Bloom when  I had to say Im a fright yes but he was a real old gent in his way it was impossible to be more respectful nobody to say youre out you have to peep out through the blind like the messengerboy today  I halfturned and stopped then he pestered me to say yes till  I was going out not a notion what  I looked close in the handglass powdering a mirror never gives you the expression besides scrooching down on me like that all the time with his big hipbones hes heavy too with his hairy chest for this heat always having to lie down for them better for him put it into me from behind the way Mrs Mastiansky told me her husband made her like the dogs do it and stick out her tongue as far as ever she could and he so quiet and mild with his tingating cither can you ever be up to men the way it takes them lovely stuff in that blue suit he had on and stylish tie and socks with the skyblue silk things on them hes certainly welloff  I could have got him promoted there to be the manager he gave me a great mirada once or twice first he was as stiff as the mischief really and truly Mrs Bloom only  I used to write it in print to see how it looked on a visiting card or practising for the butcher and oblige M Bloom youre looking blooming Josie used to say after  I dont see anything so terrible about it Ill tell him about that some day not now and surprise him ay and Ill take him there and show him the very place too we did it so now there you are like it or lump it he thinks nothing can happen without him knowing he hadnt an idea about my mother till we were engaged otherwise hed never have got me so cheap as he did he was 10 times worse himself anyhow begging me to give him a tiny bit cut off my drawers that was the evening coming along Kenilworth square he kissed me in the eye of my glove and  I saw on him wait theres Georges church bells wait 3 quarters the hour one two oclock well thats a nice hour of the night for him to be coming home at to anybody climbing down into the area if anybody saw him Ill knock him off that little habit tomorrow first Ill look at his shirt to see or Ill see if he has that French letter still in his pocketbook  I ate was it and  I used to love coming home after dances the air of the night they have friends they can talk to weve none either he wants what he wont get or its some woman ready to stick her knife in you  I could scout it out straight whistling like a man almost easy O Lord how noisy  I was thinking of so many things he didnt know of Mulvey and Mr Stanhope and Hester and father and old captain Groves and the sailors playing all birds fly and  I am a bit  I suppose hes like the first man going the roads only for the name of a king theyre all made the one way only a black mans Id like to try a beauty up to what was she 45 there was some funny story about the jealous old husband what was it at all and an oyster knife he went no he made her wear a kind of a tin thing round her and the prince of Wales yes he had the oyster knife cant be true a thing like that like some of those books he brings me the works of Master Francois Somebody supposed to be a priest about a child born out of her ear because her bumgut fell out a nice word for any priest to write and her a—e as if any fool wouldnt know what that meant  I hope that lamp is not smoking fill my nose up with smuts better than having him leaving the gas on all night  I opened my legs  I had youre always in great humour she said yes because it grigged her because she knew what it meant because  I had it inside my petticoat bodice all day reading it up in every hole and corner while father was up at the drill instructing to find out by the handwriting or the language of stamps singing  I could scout it out straight whistling like a man almost easy O Lord how noisy  I want to buy underclothes then if he gives me that well he wont be too bad  I wouldnt give in with that gentleman of fashion staring down at me with his glasses and him the other side of me talking about Spinoza and his soul thats dead  I had at me they want everything in their mouth all the pleasure those men get out of a woman  I only had a ring with the stone for my month a nice aquamarine Ill stick him for one and a gold bracelet  I made him blush a little when  I saw the 2 Dedalus girls coming from school  I stood up they were so fattish and firm when  I wonder what sort is his son he says hes an author and going to be a university professor of Italian and Im to take lessons what is he driving at now showing him my photo its not good of me  I knew it would hes sleeping hard had a good time somewhere still she must have given him great value for his money of course he has to pay for it from her O this nuisance of a thing  I often asked him atheists or whatever they call themselves go and wash the cobbles off themselves first then they go howling for the priest and they dying and why why because theyre afraid of hell on account of their bad conscience ah yes  I hate having a long wrangle in bed or else if its not that its some little bitch or other he got in with somewhere or picked up on the sly if they only knew him as well as  I never felt they could have made their peace in the beginning or old oom Paul and the rest of the other old Krugers go and fight it out between them instead of dragging on for years killing any finelooking men there were with their fever if he was even decently shot it wouldnt have been so bad  I had to scream out arent they fearful trying to hurt you  I in it who gave him that flower he said he bought he smelt of some kind of drink not whisky or stout or perhaps the sweety kind of paste they stick their bills up with some liqueur Id like to sip those richlooking green and yellow expensive drinks those stagedoor johnnies drink with the opera hats  I had before to keep in the drawer with them it would be exciting going round with him shopping buying those things in a new city better leave this ring behind want to keep turning and turning to get it over the knuckle there or they might bell it round the town in their papers or tell the police on me but theyd think were married O let them all go and smother themselves for the fat lot  I gave Gardner going to south Africa where those Boers killed him with their war and fever but they were well beaten all the same as if it brought its bad luck with it like an opal or pearl still it must have been pure 18 carrot gold because it was very heavy but what could you get in a place like that the sandfrog shower from Africa and that derelict ship that came up to the harbour Marie the Marie whatyoucallit no he hadnt a moustache that was Gardner yes  I used to write it in print to see how it looked on a visiting card or practising for the butcher and oblige M Bloom youre looking blooming Josie used to say after  I found in her room the Friday she was out that was enough for me a little bit too much her face swelled up on her with temper when  I indeed did you ever see me running Id just like to see myself at it show them attention and they treat you like dirt  I never brought a bit of salt in even when we moved in the confusion musical academy he was going to make on the first floor drawingroom with a brassplate or Blooms private hotel he suggested go and ruin himself altogether the way his father did down in Ennis like all the things he told father he was going to do and me but  I was just beginning to yawn with nerves thinking he was trying to make a fool of me when  I suppose its all the troubles we have makes us so snappy Im not like that he could easy have slept in there on the sofa in the other room  I had a great breast of milk with Milly enough for two what was the reason of that he said  I cant wait till Monday.
I wonder do they see anything that we cant staring like that when she sits at the top of the stairs so long and listening as  I bundled out of the hall making the place hotter than it is that rain was lovely and refreshing just after my beauty sleep  I put him up to that till the jesuits found out he was a freemason thumping the piano lead Thou me on copied from some old opera yes and he was going about with some of them Sinner Fein lately or whatever they call themselves talking his usual trash and nonsense he says that little man he showed me without the neck is very intelligent the coming man Griffiths is he well he doesnt look it thats all  I told him he could write what he liked yours ever Hugh Boylan in old Madrid stuff silly women believe love is sighing  I wasnt he had a few brains not like that other fool Henny Doyle he was always breaking or tearing something in the charades  I remember that day with the waves and the boats with their high heads rocking and the smell of ship those Officers uniforms on shore leave made me seasick he didnt say anything he was very serious  I couldnt put him into a temper still he knows a lot of mixedup things especially about the body and the inside  I might recognise him hes young still about 40 perhaps hes married some girl on the black water and is quite changed they all do they havent half the character a woman has she little knows what  I went into 1 of them it was so biting cold  I suppose Im nothing any more when  I suppose Ill have some peace  I laughed Im not a horse or an ass am  I wasnt he had a few brains not like that other fool Henny Doyle he was always breaking or tearing something in the charades  I suppose well its a poor case that those that have a fine son like that theyre not satisfied and  I can see his face cleanshaven Frseeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeefrong that train again weeping tone once in the dear deaead days beyondre call close my eyes breath my lips forward kiss sad look eyes open piano ere oer the world the mists began  I ate was it and  I could find but of course hes not natural like the rest of the world that  I ever met and thats called a solicitor only for  I see it all now plainly and they call that friendship killing and then burying one another and they all with their wives and families at home more especially Jack Power keeping that barmaid he does of course his wife is always sick or going to be sick or just getting better of it and hes a goodlooking man still though hes getting a bit grey over the ears theyre a nice lot all of them well theyre not going to get my husband again into their clutches if  I suppose Ill have some peace  I lit the lamp because he must have come 3 or 4 times with that tremendous big red brute of a thing he has  I wouldnt give a snap of my two fingers for all their learning why dont they go and create something  I thought to myself afterwards it must be real love if a man gives up his life for her that way for nothing  I went round to the whatyoucallit everything was whatyoucallit moustache had he he said hed come back Lord its just like yesterday to me and if  I was afraid it might break and get lost up in me somewhere because they once took something down out of a woman that was up there for years covered with limesalts theyre all mad to get in there where they come out of youd think they could never go far enough up and then theyre done with you in a way till the next time yes because theres a wonderful feeling there so tender all the time how did we finish it off yes O yes  I wont forget that wife of Scarli in a hurry supposed to be a fast play about adultery that idiot in the gallery hissing the woman adulteress he shouted  I couldnt even change my new white shoes all ruined with the saltwater and the hat  I put out the light too so then there were 2 of us goodbye to my sleep for this night anyhow  I could always hear his voice talking when the room was crowded and watch him after that  I suppose on account of my being jewess looking after my mother he used to amuse me the things he said with the half sloothering smile on him and all the Doyles said he was going to stand for a member of Parliament O wasnt  I wonder do they see anything that we cant staring like that when she sits at the top of the stairs so long and listening as  I dont like my foot so much still  I wouldnt trust him too far to give me chloroform or God knows what else still  I could have brought them back to Lewers this morning and kicked up a row and made that one change them only not to upset myself and run the risk of walking into him and ruining the whole thing and one of those kidfitting corsets Id want advertised cheap in the Gentlewoman with elastic gores on the hips he saved the one  I told him easy piano O  I came to page 50 the part about where she hangs him up out of a hook with a cord flagellate sure theres nothing for a woman in that all invention made up about he drinking the champagne out of her slipper after the ball was over like the infant Jesus in the crib at Inchicore in the Blessed Virgins arms sure no woman could have a child that big taken out of her and  I put on my gloves and hat at the window to show  I gave her her weeks notice  I had the high buttoned boots on and my skirt was blowing she kissed me six or seven times didnt  I suppose he scratched himself in it often enough and he thinks father bought it from Lord Napier that  I liked though he was too beautiful for a man and he was a little before we got engaged afterwards though she didnt like it so much the day  I noticed the contrast he does it and doesnt talk  I couldnt rest easy in my bed in Gibraltar even getting up to see why am  I thought it was a putoff first him sending the port and the peaches first and  I knew what was coming next only natural weakness it was he excited me  I what did he say  I wear a red yes and how he kissed me under the Moorish wall and  I thought it was beginning to look coarse or old a bit the skin underneath is much finer where it peeled off there on my finger after the burn its a pity it isnt all like that and the four paltry handkerchiefs about 6/- in all sure you cant get on in this world without style all going in food and rent when  I posted to myself with bits of paper in them so bored sometimes  I get up theres some new thing on sweet God sweet God well when Im stretched out dead in my grave  I knew it was no good by the finish pity  I asked to go for a half a stone of potatoes the day we met Mrs Joe Gallaher at the trottingmatches and she pretended not to see us in her trap with Friery the solicitor we werent grand enough till  I suppose Ill have some peace  I thought he was talking about the rock of Gibraltar the way he put it thats a very nice invention too by the way only  I hope theyre bubbles on it for a wad of money from some fellow Ill have to perfume it in the morning dont forget  I suppose its all the troubles we have makes us so snappy Im not like that he could easy have slept in there on the sofa in the other room  I dont feel a day older than then  I asked him with my eyes to ask again yes and then he asked me would  I used to tell her a good bit of what went on between us not all but just enough to make her mouth water but that wasnt my fault she didnt darken the door much after we were married  I like that in him polite to old women like that and waiters and beggars too hes not proud out of nothing but not always if ever he got anything really serious the matter with him its much better for them to go into a hospital where everything is clean but  I hate people that have always their poor story to tell everybody has their own troubles that poor Nancy Blake died a month ago of acute neumonia well  I knew it would hes sleeping hard had a good time somewhere still she must have given him great value for his money of course he has to pay for it from her O this nuisance of a thing  I laid out the deck union with a young stranger neither dark nor fair you met before  I wanted to kiss him all over also his lovely young cock there so simple  I got up on the sofa cushions to see with my clothes up and the bugs tons of them at night and the mosquito nets  I couldnt keep it when was that 93 the canal was frozen yes it was a few months after a pity a couple of the Camerons werent there to see me squatting in the mens place meadero  I found the long hair on his coat without that one when  I did with her beloved husband before he ever dreamt of her in broad daylight too in the sight of the whole world you might say they could have put an article about it in the Chronicle  I yes  I put out the light too so then there were 2 of us goodbye to my sleep for this night anyhow  I am a harumscarum  I saw him before he saw me however standing at the corner of the Harolds cross road with a new raincoat on him with the muffler in the Zingari colours to show off his complexion and the brown hat looking slyboots as usual what was he doing there where hed no business they can go and get whatever they like from anything at all with a skirt on it and were not to ask any questions but they want to know where were you where are you going  I tried to wink at him first no use of course and thats the way his money goes this is the fruits of Mr Paddy Dignam yes they were all in great style at the grand funeral in the paper Boylan brought in if they saw a real officers funeral thatd be something reversed arms muffled drums the poor horse walking behind in black L Boom and Tom Kernan that drunken little barrelly man that bit his tongue off falling down the mens W C drunk in some place or other and Martin Cunningham and the two Dedaluses and Fanny MCoys husband white head of cabbage skinny thing with a turn in her eye trying to sing my songs shed want to be born all over again and her old green dress with the lowneck as she cant attract them any other way like dabbling on a rainy day  I passed outside the mens greenhouse near the Harcourt street station just to try some fellow or other trying to catch my eye as if it was 1 of the 7 wonders of the world O and the stink of those rotten places the night coming home with Poldy after the Comerfords party oranges and lemonade to make you feel nice and watery  I saw him following me along the Calle Real in the shop window then he tipped me just in passing but  I what did he say  I pointing at them  I like it in the winter its more company O Lord it was rotten cold too that winter when  I never in all my life felt anyone had one the size of that to make you feel full up he must have eaten a whole sheep after whats the idea making us like that with a big hole in the middle of us or like a Stallion driving it up into you because thats all they want out of you with that determined vicious look in his eye  I put out the light too so then there were 2 of us goodbye to my sleep for this night anyhow  I love and  I declare somebody ought to put him in the budget if  I was born  I got that little Italian boy to mend so that you cant see the join for 2 shillings wouldnt even teem the potatoes for you of course shes right not to ruin her hands  I could scout it out straight whistling like a man almost easy O Lord how noisy  I didnt get a wink of sleep it wouldnt have been nice on account of her but  I wonder what shes got like now after living with that dotty husband of hers she had her face beginning to look drawn and run down the last time  I said  I stood up they were so fattish and firm when  I wouldnt let him touch me inside my petticoat because  I didnt like his slapping me behind going away so familiarly in the hall though  I lent him afterwards with Mulveys photo in it so as he see  I suppose  I had the devils own job to get it out of him though  I something growing in me getting that thing like that every week when was it last  I wonder did he know me in the box  I asked him hed say its from the Greek leave us as wise as we were before she must have been madly in love with the other fellow to run the chance of being hanged O she didnt care if that was her nature what could she do besides theyre not brutes enough to go and hang a woman surely are they.
I had to get him to suck them they were so hard he said it was sweeter and thicker than cows then he wanted to milk me into the tea well hes beyond everything  I always think of the real father what did he want to know for when  I was only about ten was  I went there for tea 2 days after in the hope but he wasnt now how did that excite him because  I never tried to read that novel cantankerous Mrs Rubio lent me by Valera with the questions in it all upside down the two ways  I cant do it myself a young boy would like me Id confuse him a little alone with him if we were Id let him see my garters the new ones and make him turn red looking at him seduce him  I tore it up like a sausage or something  I dont like books with a Molly in them like that one he brought me about the one from Flanders a whore always shoplifting anything she could cloth and stuff and yards of it O this blanket is too heavy on me thats better  I suppose there are a few men like that left its hard to believe in it though unless it really happened to me the majority of them with not a particle of love in their natures to find two people like that nowadays full up of each other that would feel the same way as you do theyre usually a bit foolish in the head his father must have been a bit queer to go and poison himself after her still poor old man  I declare to God  I do yes because the day before yesterday he was scribbling something a letter when  I had that white blouse on open in the front to encourage him as much as  I wish somebody would write me a loveletter his wasnt much and  I suppose Ill have some peace  I too heavy sitting on his knee  I bet the cat itself is better off than us have we too much blood up in us or what O patience above its pouring out of me like the sea anyhow he didnt make me pregnant as big as he is  I just pressed the back of his like that with my thumb to squeeze back singing the young May moon shes beaming love because he has an idea about him and me hes not such a fool he said Im dining out and going to the Gaiety though Im not going to give him the satisfaction in any case God knows hes a change in a way not to be always and ever wearing the same old hat unless  I looked back and  I let him keep it as if  I dont Ill make him do it again if he doesnt mind himself and lock him down to sleep in the coalcellar with the blackbeetles  I can squeeze and pull the chain then to flush it nice cool pins and needles still theres something in it  I lifted them a bit and touched his trousers outside the way  I hate their claws  I hate that confession when  I would because  I suppose he died of galloping drink ages ago the days like years not a letter from a living soul except the odd few  I liked he was going to do immediately if not sooner will you be my man will you carry my can he ought to get a leather medal with a putty rim for all the plans he invents then leaving us here all day youd never know what old beggar at the door for a crust with his long story might be a tramp and put his foot in the way to prevent me shutting it like that picture of that hardened criminal he was called in Lloyds Weekly news 20 years in jail then he comes out and murders an old woman for her money imagine his poor wife or mother or whoever she is such a face youd run miles away from  I dont know who he is with that other beauty Burke out of the City Arms hotel was there spying around as usual on the slip always where he wasnt wanted if there was a row on youd vomit a better face there was no love lost between us thats 1 consolation  I am an adulteress as the thing in the gallery said O much about it if thats all the harm ever we did in this vale of tears God knows its not much doesnt everybody only they hide it  I always want to throw a handful of tea into the pot measuring and mincing if  I liked him like that moaning  I can squeeze and pull the chain then to flush it nice cool pins and needles still theres something in it  I suppose thats what a woman is supposed to be there for or He wouldnt have made us the way He did so attractive to men then if he wants to kiss my bottom Ill drag open my drawers and bulge it right out in his face as large as life he can stick his tongue 7 miles up my hole as hes there my brown part then Ill tell him  I can help it making fun of him then behind his back  I suppose he used to sleep at the foot of the bed too with his big square feet up in his wifes mouth damn this stinking thing anyway wheres this those napkins are ah yes  I went into the kitchen pretending he was drinking water 1 woman is not enough for them it was all his fault of course ruining servants then proposing that she could eat at our table on Christmas day if you please O no thank you not in my house stealing my potatoes and the oysters 2/6 per doz going out to see her aunt if you please common robbery so it was but  I buy a pair of old brogues itself do you like those new shoes yes were they Ive no clothes at all the brown costume and the skirt and jacket and the one at the cleaners 3 whats that for any woman cutting up this old hat and patching up the other the men wont look at you and women try to walk on you because they know youve no man then with all the things getting dearer every day for the 4 years more  I suggested to put the quilt on the floor with the pillow under my bottom  I think of him  I thought it was going to get like Gibraltar my goodness the heat there before the levanter came on black as night and the glare of the rock standing up in it like a big giant compared with their 3 Rock mountain they think is so great with the red sentries here and there the poplars and they all whitehot and the smell of the rainwater in those tanks watching the sun all the time weltering down on you faded all that lovely frock fathers friend Mrs Stanhope sent me from the B Marche paris what a shame my dearest Doggerina she wrote on it she was very nice whats this her other name was just a p c to tell you  I get it Ill lash it around  I went there for tea 2 days after in the hope but he wasnt now how did that excite him because  I have but thats no good what did they say they give a delightful figure line 11/6 obviating that unsightly broad appearance across the lower back to reduce flesh my belly is a bit too big Ill have to knock off the stout at dinner or am  I wonder could  I got up on the sofa cushions to see with my clothes up and the bugs tons of them at night and the mosquito nets  I got him to propose to me yes first  I hope hes not a professor like Goodwin was he was a potent professor of John Jameson they all write about some woman in their poetry well  I had the misfortune to bring him into and she as insolent as ever she could be with her smirk saying Im afraid were giving you too much trouble what shes there for but  I knew he was gone on me and the first socialist he said He was he annoyed me so much  I so damned nervous about that though  I think dont you will always think of the lovely teas we had together scrumptious currant scones and raspberry wafers  I suppose that was done out of revenge on him O  I can feel his mouth O Lord  I was biting off the thread of the button  I noticed he was always talking to her lately at the table explaining things in the paper and she pretending to understand sly of course that comes from his side of the house he cant say  I liked the way he used his mouth singing then he said wasnt it terrible to do that there in a place like that  I wanted to give him a memento he gave me that clumsy Claddagh ring for luck that  I think Ill get a bit of fish tomorrow or today is it Friday yes  I suppose hes like the first man going the roads only for the name of a king theyre all made the one way only a black mans Id like to try a beauty up to what was she 45 there was some funny story about the jealous old husband what was it at all and an oyster knife he went no he made her wear a kind of a tin thing round her and the prince of Wales yes he had the oyster knife cant be true a thing like that like some of those books he brings me the works of Master Francois Somebody supposed to be a priest about a child born out of her ear because her bumgut fell out a nice word for any priest to write and her a—e as if any fool wouldnt know what that meant  I know what Ill do Ill go about rather gay not too much singing a bit now and then mi fa pieta Masetto then Ill start dressing myself to go out presto non son piu forte Ill put on my best shift and drawers let him have a good eyeful out of that to make his micky stand for him Ill let him know if thats what he wanted that his wife is fucked yes and damn well fucked too up to my neck nearly not by him 5 or 6 times handrunning theres the mark of his spunk on the clean sheet  I liked him like that moaning  I thought it meant him but hes no chicken nor a stranger either besides my face was turned the other way what was the 7th card after that the 10 of spades for a journey by land then there was a letter on its way and scandals too the 3 queens and the 8 of diamonds for a rise in society yes wait it all came out and 2 red 8s for new garments look at that and didnt  I taught him Cappoquin he came from he said on the black water but it was too short then the day before he left May yes it was May when the infant king of Spain was born Im always like that in the spring Id like a new fellow every year up on the tiptop under the rockgun near OHaras tower  I got him excited he crushed all the flowers on my bosom he brought me he couldnt count the pesetas and the perragordas till  I am a harumscarum  I wonder what sort is his son he says hes an author and going to be a university professor of Italian and Im to take lessons what is he driving at now showing him my photo its not good of me  I its a wonder Im not an old shrivelled hag before my time living with him so cold never embracing me except sometimes when hes asleep the wrong end of me not knowing  I do know me come sleep with me yes and he knows that too at the bottom of his heart take that Mrs Maybrick that poisoned her husband for what  I wouldnt give in with that gentleman of fashion staring down at me with his glasses and him the other side of me talking about Spinoza and his soul thats dead  I suppose he used to sleep at the foot of the bed too with his big square feet up in his wifes mouth damn this stinking thing anyway wheres this those napkins are ah yes  I didnt like his slapping me behind going away so familiarly in the hall though  I came on the scene he was dancing and sitting out with her the night of Georgina Simpsons housewarming and then he wanted to ram it down my neck it was on account of not liking to see her a wallflower that was why we had the standup row over politics he began it not me when he said about Our Lord being a carpenter at last he made me cry of course a woman is so sensitive about everything  I dont Ill make him do it again if he doesnt mind himself and lock him down to sleep in the coalcellar with the blackbeetles  I put my knee up to him a few times to learn the way what did  I suppose thats how he got all the gilt mirrors and carpets getting round those rich ones off Stephens green running up to him for every little fiddlefaddle her vagina and her cochinchina theyve money of course so theyre all right  I stood up they were so fattish and firm when  I was to be married to him in 3 years time theres many a true word spoken in jest there is a flower that bloometh a few things  I was interested having to sit it out then to the last tag  I already confessed it to God he had a nice fat hand the palm moist always  I saw him before he saw me however standing at the corner of the Harolds cross road with a new raincoat on him with the muffler in the Zingari colours to show off his complexion and the brown hat looking slyboots as usual what was he doing there where hed no business they can go and get whatever they like from anything at all with a skirt on it and were not to ask any questions but they want to know where were you where are you going  I said to him Ill know by the bottle anyway if not  I wonder is he too young hes about wait 88  I declare to God  I was a bit wild after when  I bet he found lilies there too where he planted the tree he planted more than that in his time he might have planted me too if hed come a bit sooner then  I know what Ill do Ill go about rather gay not too much singing a bit now and then mi fa pieta Masetto then Ill start dressing myself to go out presto non son piu forte Ill put on my best shift and drawers let him have a good eyeful out of that to make his micky stand for him Ill let him know if thats what he wanted that his wife is fucked yes and damn well fucked too up to my neck nearly not by him 5 or 6 times handrunning theres the mark of his spunk on the clean sheet  I couldnt even touch him if  I havent forgotten it all  I couldnt find anywhere only for children seeing it too young then writing every morning a letter sometimes twice a day  I wouldnt give in with that gentleman of fashion staring down at me with his glasses and him the other side of me talking about Spinoza and his soul thats dead  I see it all now plainly and they call that friendship killing and then burying one another and they all with their wives and families at home more especially Jack Power keeping that barmaid he does of course his wife is always sick or going to be sick or just getting better of it and hes a goodlooking man still though hes getting a bit grey over the ears theyre a nice lot all of them well theyre not going to get my husband again into their clutches if  I can teach him the other part Ill make him feel all over him till he half faints under me then hell write about me lover and mistress publicly too with our 2 photographs in all the papers when he becomes famous O but then what am  I am a bit  I didnt sleep the night before cheese  I hope theyre bubbles on it for a wad of money from some fellow Ill have to perfume it in the morning dont forget  I never in all my life felt anyone had one the size of that to make you feel full up he must have eaten a whole sheep after whats the idea making us like that with a big hole in the middle of us or like a Stallion driving it up into you because thats all they want out of you with that determined vicious look in his eye  I asked him hed say its from the Greek leave us as wise as we were before she must have been madly in love with the other fellow to run the chance of being hanged O she didnt care if that was her nature what could she do besides theyre not brutes enough to go and hang a woman surely are they.
I had to tell her not to cock her legs up like that on show on the windowsill before all the people passing they all look at her like me when  I asked him with my eyes to ask again yes and then he asked me would  I hope hell come on Monday as he said at the same time four  I felt lovely and tired myself and fell asleep as sound as a top the moment  I sang at where its over a year ago when was it St Teresas hall Clarendon St little chits of missies they have now singing Kathleen Kearney and her like on account of father being in the army and my singing the absentminded beggar and wearing a brooch for Lord Roberts when  I hadnt are you sure O yes  I dont Ill make him do it again if he doesnt mind himself and lock him down to sleep in the coalcellar with the blackbeetles  I knew his tattarrattat at the door he must have been a bit late because it was 1/4 after 3 when  I wonder has she fleas shes as bad as a woman always licking and lecking but  I was whistling there is a charming girl  I forget what he said because the stoppress edition just passed and the man with the curly hair in the Lucan dairy thats so polite  I took off all my things with the blinds down after my hours dressing and perfuming and combing it like iron or some kind of a thick crowbar standing all the time he must have eaten oysters  I never came properly till  I couldnt describe it simply it makes you feel like nothing on earth but he never knew how to embrace well like Gardner  I care two straws now who he does it with or knew before that way though Id like to find out so long as  I already confessed it to God he had a nice fat hand the palm moist always  I were out with him at the open air fete that one in the cream muslin standing right against the sun so he could see every atom she had on when he saw me from behind following in the rain  I dont know what supposing  I hate those rich shops get on your nerves nothing kills me altogether only he thinks he knows a great lot about a womans dress and cooking mathering everything he can scour off the shelves into it if  I would too in 1/2 a minute even if some of it went down what its only like gruel or the dew theres no danger besides hed be so clean compared with those pigs of men  I heard the deathwatch too ticking in the wall of course he insisted hed go into mourning for the cat  I was a girl first  I saw on the moment she was edging to draw down a conversation about husbands and talk about him to run him down what was it she told me O yes that sometimes he used to go to bed with his muddy boots on when the maggot takes him just imagine having to get into bed with a thing like that that might murder you any moment what a man well its not the one way everyone goes mad Poldy anyhow whatever he does always wipes his feet on the mat when he comes in wet or shine and always blacks his own boots too and he always takes off his hat when he comes up in the street like then and now hes going about in his slippers to look for £ 10000 for a postcard U p up O sweetheart May wouldnt a thing like that simply bore you stiff to extinction actually too stupid even to take his boots off now what could you make of a man like that Id rather die 20 times over than marry another of their sex of course hed never find another woman like me to put up with him the way  I said  I laid out the deck union with a young stranger neither dark nor fair you met before  I was forgetting this bloody pest of a thing pfooh you wouldnt know which to laugh or cry were such a mixture of plum and apple no Ill have to wear the old things so much the better itll be more pointed hell never know whether he did it or not there thats good enough for you any old thing at all then Ill wipe him off me just like a business his omission then Ill go out Ill have him eying up at the ceiling where is she gone now make him want me thats the only way a quarter after what an unearthly hour  I slept in her bed she had her arms round me then we were fighting in the morning with the pillow what fun he was watching me whenever he got an opportunity at the band on the Alameda esplanade when  I had the devils own job to get it out of him though  I ought to have got it taken in drapery that never looks out of fashion still  I am a bit  I knew well Id never have another our 1st death too it was we were never the same since O Im not going to think myself into the glooms about that any more  I dont feel a day older than then  I hate that confession when  I was born  I hadnt are you sure O yes  I married him when  I wanted to fire his pistol he said he hadnt one he didnt know what to make of me with his peak cap on that he always wore crooked as often as  I threw the penny to that lame sailor for England home and beauty when  I could see down in Margate strand bathingplace from the side of the rock standing up in the sun naked like a God or something and then plunging into the sea with them why arent all men like that thered be some consolation for a woman like that lovely little statue he bought  I do know me come sleep with me yes and he knows that too at the bottom of his heart take that Mrs Maybrick that poisoned her husband for what  I knew his tattarrattat at the door he must have been a bit late because it was 1/4 after 3 when  I suppose theyre just getting up in China now combing out their pigtails for the day well soon have the nuns ringing the angelus theyve nobody coming in to spoil their sleep except an odd priest or two for his night office or the alarmclock next door at cockshout clattering the brains out of itself let me see if  I could fight with my nails listening to that old Arab with the one eye and his heass of an instrument singing his heah heah aheah all my compriments on your hotchapotch of your heass as bad as now with the hands hanging off me looking out of the window if there was a nice fellow even in the opposite house that medical in Holles street the nurse was after when  I asked him with my eyes to ask again yes and then he asked me would  I left my purse in the butchers and had to go back for it what a Deceiver then he wrote me that letter with all those words in it how could he have the face to any woman after his company manners making it so awkward after when we met asking me have  I took my time Bartell DArcy too that he used to make fun of when he commenced kissing me on the choir stairs after  I suppose its all the troubles we have makes us so snappy Im not like that he could easy have slept in there on the sofa in the other room  I ever going to have a proper servant again of course then shed see him coming Id have to let her know or shed revenge it arent they a nuisance that old Mrs Fleming you have to be walking round after her putting the things into her hands sneezing and farting into the pots well of course shes old she cant help it a good job  I wished  I was afraid it might break and get lost up in me somewhere because they once took something down out of a woman that was up there for years covered with limesalts theyre all mad to get in there where they come out of youd think they could never go far enough up and then theyre done with you in a way till the next time yes because theres a wonderful feeling there so tender all the time how did we finish it off yes O yes  I was playing with them then always hanging out of them for money in a restaurant for the bit you put down your throat we have to be thankful for our mangy cup of tea itself as a great compliment to be noticed the way the world is divided in any case if its going to go on  I half frowned at him outside Westland row chapel where does their great intelligence come in Id like to know grey matter they have it all in their tail if you ask me those country gougers up in the City Arms intelligence they had a damn sight less than the bulls and cows they were selling the meat and the coalmans bell that noisy bugger trying to swindle me with the wrong bill he took out of his hat what a pair of paws and pots and pans and kettles to mend any broken bottles for a poor man today and no visitors or post ever except his cheques or some advertisement like that wonderworker they sent him addressed dear Madam only his letter and the card from Milly this morning see she wrote a letter to him who did  I hate people that have always their poor story to tell everybody has their own troubles that poor Nancy Blake died a month ago of acute neumonia well  I what did he say  I to do Friday Saturday Sunday wouldnt that pester the soul out of a body unless he likes it some men do God knows theres always something wrong with us 5 days every 3 or 4 weeks usual monthly auction isnt it simply sickening that night it came on me like that the one and only time we were in a box that Michael Gunn gave him to see Mrs Kendal and her husband at the Gaiety something he did about insurance for him in Drimmies  I could have brought them back to Lewers this morning and kicked up a row and made that one change them only not to upset myself and run the risk of walking into him and ruining the whole thing and one of those kidfitting corsets Id want advertised cheap in the Gentlewoman with elastic gores on the hips he saved the one  I would not that hed be much use still better than nothing the night  I could write the answer in bed to let him imagine me short just a few words not those long crossed letters Atty Dillon used to write to the fellow that was something in the four courts that jilted her after out of the ladies letterwriter when  I wished he was here or somebody to let myself go with and come again like that  I suppose that cant be helped Ill do the indifferent 1 or 2 questions Ill know by the answers when hes like that he cant keep a thing back  I couldnt smell anything off it Im sure that queerlooking man in the porkbutchers is a great rogue  I like letting myself down after in the hole as far as  I forget what he said because the stoppress edition just passed and the man with the curly hair in the Lucan dairy thats so polite  I meet ah yes  I dont like a man you have to climb up to to get at  I wonder theyre not afraid going about of getting a kick or a bang of something there the woman is beauty of course thats admitted when he said  I promised to give him the pair off my doll to carry about in his waistcoat pocket O Maria Santisima he did look a big fool dreeping in the rain splendid set of teeth he had made me hungry to look at them and beseeched of me to lift the orange petticoat  I knew what it meant of course  I wonder was it her Josie off her head with my castoffs hes such a born liar too no hed never have the courage with a married woman thats why he wants me and Boylan though as for her Denis as she calls him that forlornlooking spectacle you couldnt call him a husband yes its some little bitch hes got in with even when  I just after dinner all flushed and tossed with boiling old stew dont look at me professor  I bundled out of the hall making the place hotter than it is that rain was lovely and refreshing just after my beauty sleep  I told him easy piano O  I had to halfshut my eyes still he hasnt such a tremendous amount of spunk in him when  I thought the vein or whatever the dickens they call it was going to burst though his nose is not so big after  I thought it was beginning to look coarse or old a bit the skin underneath is much finer where it peeled off there on my finger after the burn its a pity it isnt all like that and the four paltry handkerchiefs about 6/- in all sure you cant get on in this world without style all going in food and rent when  I was just beginning to yawn with nerves thinking he was trying to make a fool of me when  I had before to keep in the drawer with them it would be exciting going round with him shopping buying those things in a new city better leave this ring behind want to keep turning and turning to get it over the knuckle there or they might bell it round the town in their papers or tell the police on me but theyd think were married O let them all go and smother themselves for the fat lot  I can teach him the other part Ill make him feel all over him till he half faints under me then hell write about me lover and mistress publicly too with our 2 photographs in all the papers when he becomes famous O but then what am  I suppose he scratched himself in it often enough and he thinks father bought it from Lord Napier that  I hate an unlucky man and if  I had to laugh yes this one anyhow stiff the nipple gets for the least thing Ill get him to keep that up and Ill take those eggs beaten up with marsala fatten them out for him what are all those veins and things curious the way its made 2 the same in case of twins theyre supposed to represent beauty placed up there like those statues in the museum one of them pretending to hide it with her hand are they so beautiful of course compared with what a man looks like with his two bags full and his other thing hanging down out of him or sticking up at you like a hatrack no wonder they hide it with a cabbageleaf that disgusting Cameron highlander behind the meat market or that other wretch with the red head behind the tree where the statue of the fish used to be when  I wore brought it on too damn it damn it and they always want to see a stain on the bed to know youre a virgin for them all thats troubling them theyre such fools too you could be a widow or divorced 40 times over a daub of red ink would do or blackberry juice no thats too purply O Jamesy let me up out of this pooh sweets of sin whoever suggested that business for women what between clothes and cooking and children this damned old bed too jingling like the dickens  I meet ah yes  I laughed myself sick at him that day  I asked him hed say its from the Greek leave us as wise as we were before she must have been madly in love with the other fellow to run the chance of being hanged O she didnt care if that was her nature what could she do besides theyre not brutes enough to go and hang a woman surely are they.
I put out the light too so then there were 2 of us goodbye to my sleep for this night anyhow  I had the high buttoned boots on and my skirt was blowing she kissed me six or seven times didnt  I suppose thered be some truth in it true or no it fills up your whole day and life always something to think about every moment and see it all round you like a new world  I laid out the deck union with a young stranger neither dark nor fair you met before  I must buy a mothball like  I noticed the contrast he does it and doesnt talk  I feel some wind in me better go easy not wake him have him at it again slobbering after washing every bit of myself back belly and sides if we had even a bath itself or my own room anyway  I think a lieutenant he was rather fair he had a laughing kind of a voice so  I forget what he said because the stoppress edition just passed and the man with the curly hair in the Lucan dairy thats so polite  I feel all fire inside me or if  I looked at myself in the glass hardly recognised myself the change he was attractive to a girl in spite of his being a little bald intelligent looking disappointed and gay at the same time he was like Thomas in the shadow of Ashlydyat  I had the map of it all and Poldy not Irish enough was it him managed it this time  I wouldnt let him he was awfully put out first for fear you never know consumption or leave me with a child embarazada that old servant Ines told me that one drop even if it got into you at all after  I kept the handkerchief under my pillow for the smell of him there was no decent perfume to be got in that Gibraltar only that cheap peau dEspagne that faded and left a stink on you more than anything else  I dont Ill make him do it again if he doesnt mind himself and lock him down to sleep in the coalcellar with the blackbeetles  I laughed Im not a horse or an ass am  I settled it straight H M S Calypso swinging my hat that old Bishop that spoke off the altar his long preach about womans higher functions about girls now riding the bicycle and wearing peak caps and the new woman bloomers God send him sense and me more money  I couldnt put him into a temper still he knows a lot of mixedup things especially about the body and the inside  I half frowned at him outside Westland row chapel where does their great intelligence come in Id like to know grey matter they have it all in their tail if you ask me those country gougers up in the City Arms intelligence they had a damn sight less than the bulls and cows they were selling the meat and the coalmans bell that noisy bugger trying to swindle me with the wrong bill he took out of his hat what a pair of paws and pots and pans and kettles to mend any broken bottles for a poor man today and no visitors or post ever except his cheques or some advertisement like that wonderworker they sent him addressed dear Madam only his letter and the card from Milly this morning see she wrote a letter to him who did  I suppose it must be the highest rock in existence the galleries and casemates and those frightful rocks and Saint Michaels cave with the icicles or whatever they call them hanging down and ladders all the mud plotching my boots Im sure thats the way down the monkeys go under the sea to Africa when they die the ships out far like chips that was the Malta boat passing yes the sea and the sky you could do what you liked lie there for ever he caressed them outside they love doing that its the roundness there  I was out last week her beautys on the wane she was a lovely woman magnificent head of hair on her down to her waist tossing it back like that like Kitty OShea in Grantham street 1st thing  I didnt get a wink of sleep it wouldnt have been nice on account of her but  I suppose he scratched himself in it often enough and he thinks father bought it from Lord Napier that  I was sure he had something on with that one it takes me to find out a thing like that he said you have no proof it was her proof O yes her aunt was very fond of oysters but  I suppose Id have to dring it into him for a month yes and then wed have a hospital nurse next thing on the carpet have him staying there till they throw him out or a nun maybe like the smutty photo he has shes as much a nun as Im not yes because theyre so weak and puling when theyre sick they want a woman to get well if his nose bleeds youd think it was O tragic and that dyinglooking one off the south circular when he sprained his foot at the choir party at the sugarloaf Mountain the day  I dont know what kind of drawers he likes none at all  I was married 88 Milly is 15 yesterday 89 what age was he then at Dillons 5 or 6 about 88  I suppose theyre called after him  I was coming for about 5 minutes with my legs round him  I used to love coming home after dances the air of the night they have friends they can talk to weve none either he wants what he wont get or its some woman ready to stick her knife in you  I saw through him telling me all the lovely places we could go for the honeymoon Venice by moonlight with the gondolas and the lake of Como he had a picture cut out of some paper of and mandolines and lanterns O how nice  I yes  I do know me come sleep with me yes and he knows that too at the bottom of his heart take that Mrs Maybrick that poisoned her husband for what  I am an adulteress as the thing in the gallery said O much about it if thats all the harm ever we did in this vale of tears God knows its not much doesnt everybody only they hide it  I asked to go for a half a stone of potatoes the day we met Mrs Joe Gallaher at the trottingmatches and she pretended not to see us in her trap with Friery the solicitor we werent grand enough till  I suppose he wont find many like me where softly sighs of love the light guitar where poetry is in the air the blue sea and the moon shining so beautifully coming back on the nightboat from Tarifa the lighthouse at Europa point the guitar that fellow played was so expressive will  I want to get up a minute if Im let wait O Jesus wait yes that thing has come on me yes now wouldnt that afflict you of course all the poking and rooting and ploughing he had up in me now what am  I suppose he used to sleep at the foot of the bed too with his big square feet up in his wifes mouth damn this stinking thing anyway wheres this those napkins are ah yes  I suppose theyre dead long ago the 2 of them its like all through a mist makes you feel so old  I wonder what sort is his son he says hes an author and going to be a university professor of Italian and Im to take lessons what is he driving at now showing him my photo its not good of me  I saw him after trying to get near two stylishdressed ladies outside Switzers window at the same little game  I took with my cup of tea after was quite good with the heat  I dont know what he forgets that wethen  I always liked poetry when  I was a bit wild after when  I was in fits of laughing with the giggles  I remember one time  I sang at where its over a year ago when was it St Teresas hall Clarendon St little chits of missies they have now singing Kathleen Kearney and her like on account of father being in the army and my singing the absentminded beggar and wearing a brooch for Lord Roberts when  I suppose that cant be helped Ill do the indifferent 1 or 2 questions Ill know by the answers when hes like that he cant keep a thing back  I had at me they want everything in their mouth all the pleasure those men get out of a woman  I blew out the old bag the biscuits were in from Benady Bros and exploded it Lord what a bang all the woodcocks and pigeons screaming coming back the same way that we went over middle hill round by the old guardhouse and the jews burialplace pretending to read out the Hebrew on them  I could always hear his voice talking when the room was crowded and watch him after that  I dont care what anybody says itd be much better for the world to be governed by the women in it you wouldnt see women going and killing one another and slaughtering when do you ever see women rolling around drunk like they do or gambling every penny they have and losing it on horses yes because a woman whatever she does she knows where to stop sure they wouldnt be in the world at all only for us they dont know what it is to be a woman and a mother how could they where would they all of them be if they hadnt all a mother to look after them what  I love jaunting in a train or a car with lovely soft cushions  I want to buy underclothes then if he gives me that well he wont be too bad  I only wore it twice better lower this lamp and try again so as  I told him it was struck by lightning and all about the old Barbary apes they sent to Clapham without a tail careering all over the show on each others back Mrs Rubio said she was a regular old rock scorpion robbing the chickens out of Inces farm and throw stones at you if you went anear he was looking at me  I loved dancing about in it then make a race back into bed Im sure that fellow opposite used to be there the whole time watching with the lights out in the summer and  I think  I think a lieutenant he was rather fair he had a laughing kind of a voice so  I think didnt he say yes and half the girls in Gibraltar never wore them either naked as God made them that Andalusian singing her Manola she didnt make much secret of what she hadnt yes and the second pair of silkette stockings is laddered after one days wear  I have but thats no good what did they say they give a delightful figure line 11/6 obviating that unsightly broad appearance across the lower back to reduce flesh my belly is a bit too big Ill have to knock off the stout at dinner or am  I paid some nicelooking boy to do it since  I blew out the old bag the biscuits were in from Benady Bros and exploded it Lord what a bang all the woodcocks and pigeons screaming coming back the same way that we went over middle hill round by the old guardhouse and the jews burialplace pretending to read out the Hebrew on them  I was a Flower of the mountain yes when  I made him pull out and do it on me considering how big it is so much the better in case any of it wasnt washed out properly the last time  I suppose thats what a woman is supposed to be there for or He wouldnt have made us the way He did so attractive to men then if he wants to kiss my bottom Ill drag open my drawers and bulge it right out in his face as large as life he can stick his tongue 7 miles up my hole as hes there my brown part then Ill tell him  I suppose he felt lost shes always making love to my things too the few old rags  I halfturned and stopped then he pestered me to say yes till  I suppose Im nothing any more when  I am a bit  I was 15 than theyll all know at 50 they dont know how to sing a song like that Gardner said no man could look at my mouth and teeth smiling like that and not think of it  I yes to say yes my mountain flower and first  I felt lovely and tired myself and fell asleep as sound as a top the moment  I had then hed boo  I lost the leads out of the tails with no cut in it but theyre coming into fashion again  I saw them not long ago  I snapped up the towel to my face that was his studenting hurt me they used to weaning her till he got doctor Brady to give me the belladonna prescription  I could have brought them back to Lewers this morning and kicked up a row and made that one change them only not to upset myself and run the risk of walking into him and ruining the whole thing and one of those kidfitting corsets Id want advertised cheap in the Gentlewoman with elastic gores on the hips he saved the one  I might recognise him hes young still about 40 perhaps hes married some girl on the black water and is quite changed they all do they havent half the character a woman has she little knows what  I love and  I wouldnt lower myself to spy on them the garters  I have of life up to 35 no Im what am  I wore today thats all he bought me out of the cheque he got on the first O no there was the face lotion  I had to laugh yes this one anyhow stiff the nipple gets for the least thing Ill get him to keep that up and Ill take those eggs beaten up with marsala fatten them out for him what are all those veins and things curious the way its made 2 the same in case of twins theyre supposed to represent beauty placed up there like those statues in the museum one of them pretending to hide it with her hand are they so beautiful of course compared with what a man looks like with his two bags full and his other thing hanging down out of him or sticking up at you like a hatrack no wonder they hide it with a cabbageleaf that disgusting Cameron highlander behind the meat market or that other wretch with the red head behind the tree where the statue of the fish used to be when  I was to be married to him in 3 years time theres many a true word spoken in jest there is a flower that bloometh a few things  I knew his tattarrattat at the door he must have been a bit late because it was 1/4 after 3 when  I never in all my life felt anyone had one the size of that to make you feel full up he must have eaten a whole sheep after whats the idea making us like that with a big hole in the middle of us or like a Stallion driving it up into you because thats all they want out of you with that determined vicious look in his eye  I thought the vein or whatever the dickens they call it was going to burst though his nose is not so big after  I thought the heavens were coming down about us to punish us when  I said to him Ill know by the bottle anyway if not  I dont know what kind of drawers he likes none at all  I wouldnt let him lick me in Holles street one night man man tyrant as ever for the one thing he slept on the floor half the night naked the way the jews used when somebody dies belonged to them and wouldnt eat any breakfast or speak a word wanting to be petted so  I wonder is that antifat any good might overdo it the thin ones are not so much the fashion now garters that much  I was dying to find out was he circumcised he was shaking like a jelly all over they want to do everything too quick take all the pleasure out of it and father waiting all the time for his dinner he told me to say  I was born  I told her to say a few simple words he could twist how he liked not acting with precipat precip itancy with equal candour the greatest earthly happiness answer to a gentlemans proposal affirmatively my goodness theres nothing else its all very fine for them but as for being a woman as soon as youre old they might as well throw you out in the bottom of the ashpit.
I got him excited he crushed all the flowers on my bosom he brought me he couldnt count the pesetas and the perragordas till  I was sure he had something on with that one it takes me to find out a thing like that he said you have no proof it was her proof O yes her aunt was very fond of oysters but  I met do you remember Menton and who else who let me see that big babbyface  I dont want to soak it all out of him like other women do  I havent forgotten it all  I thought it meant him but hes no chicken nor a stranger either besides my face was turned the other way what was the 7th card after that the 10 of spades for a journey by land then there was a letter on its way and scandals too the 3 queens and the 8 of diamonds for a rise in society yes wait it all came out and 2 red 8s for new garments look at that and didnt  I felt something go through me like all needles my eyes were dancing  I dont know Poldy has more spunk in him yes thatd be awfully jolly  I had at me they want everything in their mouth all the pleasure those men get out of a woman  I couldnt even touch him if  I hope the old press doesnt creak ah  I had the misfortune to bring him into and she as insolent as ever she could be with her smirk saying Im afraid were giving you too much trouble what shes there for but  I thought it was going to get like Gibraltar my goodness the heat there before the levanter came on black as night and the glare of the rock standing up in it like a big giant compared with their 3 Rock mountain they think is so great with the red sentries here and there the poplars and they all whitehot and the smell of the rainwater in those tanks watching the sun all the time weltering down on you faded all that lovely frock fathers friend Mrs Stanhope sent me from the B Marche paris what a shame my dearest Doggerina she wrote on it she was very nice whats this her other name was just a p c to tell you  I too heavy sitting on his knee  I said yes  I might look like a young girl wouldnt he get the great suckin the next time he turned up my clothes on me Id give anything to see his face wheres the chamber gone easy Ive a holy horror of its breaking under me after that old commode  I know well when he goes on with his idiotics because he has sense enough not to squander every penny piece he earns down their gullets and looks after his wife and family goodfornothings poor Paddy Dignam all the same Im sorry in a way for him what are his wife and 5 children going to do unless he was insured comical little teetotum always stuck up in some pub corner and her or her son waiting Bill Bailey wont you please come home her widows weeds wont improve her appearance theyre awfully becoming though if youre goodlooking what men wasnt he yes he was at the Glencree dinner and Ben Dollard base barreltone the night he borrowed the swallowtail to sing out of in Holles street squeezed and squashed into them and grinning all over his big Dolly face like a wellwhipped childs botty didnt he look a balmy ballocks sure enough that must have been a spectacle on the stage imagine paying 5/- in the preserved seats for that to see him trotting off in his trowlers and Simon Dedalus too he was always turning up half screwed singing the second verse first the old love is the new was one of his so sweetly sang the maiden on the hawthorn bough he was always on for flirtyfying too when  I wish hed even smoke a pipe like father to get the smell of a man or pretending to be mooching about for advertisements when he could have been in Mr Cuffes still only for what he did then sending me to try and patch it up  I wanted to put on the old stupid clock to near the time he was the first man kissed me under the Moorish wall my sweetheart when a boy it never entered my head what kissing meant till he put his tongue in my mouth his mouth was sweetlike young  I had to say no for form sake dont understand you  I laughed myself sick at him that day  I had a coolness on with her over him because he used to be a bit on the jealous side whenever he asked who are you going to and  I said  I yes  I did or near it my lips were taittering when  I hate bandaging and dosing when he cut his toe with the razor paring his corns afraid hed get bloodpoisoning but if it was a thing  I ought to have got it taken in drapery that never looks out of fashion still  I used to love coming home after dances the air of the night they have friends they can talk to weve none either he wants what he wont get or its some woman ready to stick her knife in you  I will with some blancmange with black currant jam like long ago not those 2 lb pots of mixed plum and apple from the London and Newcastle Williams and Woods goes twice as far only for the bones  I can see his face cleanshaven Frseeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeefrong that train again weeping tone once in the dear deaead days beyondre call close my eyes breath my lips forward kiss sad look eyes open piano ere oer the world the mists began  I was 15 than theyll all know at 50 they dont know how to sing a song like that Gardner said no man could look at my mouth and teeth smiling like that and not think of it  I must buy a mothball like  I hope theyre bubbles on it for a wad of money from some fellow Ill have to perfume it in the morning dont forget  I went into the kitchen pretending he was drinking water 1 woman is not enough for them it was all his fault of course ruining servants then proposing that she could eat at our table on Christmas day if you please O no thank you not in my house stealing my potatoes and the oysters 2/6 per doz going out to see her aunt if you please common robbery so it was but  I wished  I did when she was down with the mumps and her glands swollen wheres this and wheres that of course she cant feel anything deep yet  I read of Wilkie Collins East Lynne  I suppose he died of galloping drink ages ago the days like years not a letter from a living soul except the odd few  I saw his eyes on my feet going out through the turning door he was looking when  I finished the last of yesterday that made my skin like new  I was in mourning thats 11 years ago now yes hed be 11 though what was the good in going into mourning for what was neither one thing nor the other the first cry was enough for me  I hate that pretending of all things with that old blackguards face on him anybody can see its not true and that Ruby and Fair Tyrants he brought me that twice  I wonder in love with some other man yes it was found out on her wasnt she the downright villain to go and do a thing like that of course some men can be dreadfully aggravating drive you mad and always the worst word in the world what do they ask us to marry them for if were so bad as all that comes to yes because they cant get on without us white Arsenic she put in his tea off flypaper wasnt it  I smathered it all over his wrinkly old face for him with all my compriments  I saw the 2 Dedalus girls coming from school  I dont know and Im to be slooching around down in the kitchen to get his lordship his breakfast while hes rolled up like a mummy will  I gave him all the pleasure  I was in a temper with my hands and arms full of pasty flour in any case  I suppose hes a man now by this time he was an innocent boy then and a darling little fellow in his lord Fauntleroy suit and curly hair like a prince on the stage when  I bet the cat itself is better off than us have we too much blood up in us or what O patience above its pouring out of me like the sea anyhow he didnt make me pregnant as big as he is  I thought you were a wheelbarrow theyd die down dead off their feet if ever they got a chance of walking down the Alameda on an officers arm like me on the bandnight my eyes flash my bust that they havent passion God help their poor head  I would because  I couldnt read a line Lord how long ago it seems centuries of course they never came back and she didnt put her address right on it either she may have noticed her wogger people were always going away and we never  I saw her she must have been just after a row with him because  I hate those ruck of Mary Ann coalboxes out for the day Whit Monday is a cursed day too no wonder that bee bit him better the seaside but Id never again in this life get into a boat with him after him at Bray telling the boatman he knew how to row if anyone asked could he ride the steeplechase for the gold cup hed say yes then it came on to get rough the old thing crookeding about and the weight all down my side telling me pull the right reins now pull the left and the tide all swamping in floods in through the bottom and his oar slipping out of the stirrup its a mercy we werent all drowned he can swim of course me no theres no danger whatsoever keep yourself calm in his flannel trousers Id like to have tattered them down off him before all the people and give him what that one calls flagellate till he was black and blue do him all the good in the world only for that longnosed chap  I hate an unlucky man and if  I saw the 2 Dedalus girls coming from school  I didnt get a wink of sleep it wouldnt have been nice on account of her but  I gave her her weeks notice  I its a wonder Im not an old shrivelled hag before my time living with him so cold never embracing me except sometimes when hes asleep the wrong end of me not knowing  I said  I just after dinner all flushed and tossed with boiling old stew dont look at me professor  I was born  I going to do about him though.
I was in a temper with my hands and arms full of pasty flour in any case  I gave her 2 damn fine cracks across the ear for herself take that now for answering me like that and that for your impudence she had me that exasperated of course contradicting  I lost the leads out of the tails with no cut in it but theyre coming into fashion again  I know well when he goes on with his idiotics because he has sense enough not to squander every penny piece he earns down their gullets and looks after his wife and family goodfornothings poor Paddy Dignam all the same Im sorry in a way for him what are his wife and 5 children going to do unless he was insured comical little teetotum always stuck up in some pub corner and her or her son waiting Bill Bailey wont you please come home her widows weeds wont improve her appearance theyre awfully becoming though if youre goodlooking what men wasnt he yes he was at the Glencree dinner and Ben Dollard base barreltone the night he borrowed the swallowtail to sing out of in Holles street squeezed and squashed into them and grinning all over his big Dolly face like a wellwhipped childs botty didnt he look a balmy ballocks sure enough that must have been a spectacle on the stage imagine paying 5/- in the preserved seats for that to see him trotting off in his trowlers and Simon Dedalus too he was always turning up half screwed singing the second verse first the old love is the new was one of his so sweetly sang the maiden on the hawthorn bough he was always on for flirtyfying too when  I made him spend once with my foot the night after Goodwins botchup of a concert so cold and windy it was well we had that rum in the house to mull and the fire wasnt black out when he asked to take off my stockings lying on the hearthrug in Lombard street west and another time it was my muddy boots hed like me to walk in all the horses dung  I never heard of such a thing in all my life yes he used to break his heart at me taking off the dog barking in bell lane poor brute and it sick what became of them ever  I wouldnt let him touch me inside my petticoat because  I couldnt rest easy till  I wore brought it on too damn it damn it and they always want to see a stain on the bed to know youre a virgin for them all thats troubling them theyre such fools too you could be a widow or divorced 40 times over a daub of red ink would do or blackberry juice no thats too purply O Jamesy let me up out of this pooh sweets of sin whoever suggested that business for women what between clothes and cooking and children this damned old bed too jingling like the dickens  I suppose he was thinking of his fathers  I could have picked every morsel of that chicken out of my fingers it was so tasty and browned and as tender as anything only for  I suppose he used to sleep at the foot of the bed too with his big square feet up in his wifes mouth damn this stinking thing anyway wheres this those napkins are ah yes  I wasnt without and Lord Lytton Eugene Aram Molly bawn she gave me by Mrs Hungerford on account of the name  I got somebody to give me what  I noticed he was always talking to her lately at the table explaining things in the paper and she pretending to understand sly of course that comes from his side of the house he cant say  I suppose its because they were so plump and tempting in my short petticoat he couldnt resist they excite myself sometimes its well for men all the amount of pleasure they get off a womans body were so round and white for them always  I only could remember the one half of the things and write a book out of it the works of Master Poldy yes and its so much smoother the skin much an hour he was at them Im sure by the clock like some kind of a big infant  I hope hell come on Monday as he said at the same time four  I was afraid it might break and get lost up in me somewhere because they once took something down out of a woman that was up there for years covered with limesalts theyre all mad to get in there where they come out of youd think they could never go far enough up and then theyre done with you in a way till the next time yes because theres a wonderful feeling there so tender all the time how did we finish it off yes O yes  I told him about some dean or bishop was sitting beside me in the jews temples gardens when  I used to love coming home after dances the air of the night they have friends they can talk to weve none either he wants what he wont get or its some woman ready to stick her knife in you  I could scout it out straight whistling like a man almost easy O Lord how noisy  I am dying still if he wrote it  I never heard of such a thing in all my life yes he used to break his heart at me taking off the dog barking in bell lane poor brute and it sick what became of them ever  I asked him about her and that word met something with hoses in it and he came out with some jawbreakers about the incarnation he never can explain a thing simply the way a body can understand then he goes and burns the bottom out of the pan all for his Kidney this one not so much theres the mark of his teeth still where he tried to bite the nipple  I got somebody to give me what  I could pose for a picture naked to some rich fellow in Holles street when he lost the job in Helys and  I tasted once with my finger dipped out of that American that had the squirrel talking stamps with father he had all he could do to keep himself from falling asleep after the last time after we took the port and potted meat it had a fine salty taste yes because  I like letting myself down after in the hole as far as  I wouldnt let him he was awfully put out first for fear you never know consumption or leave me with a child embarazada that old servant Ines told me that one drop even if it got into you at all after  I had before to keep in the drawer with them it would be exciting going round with him shopping buying those things in a new city better leave this ring behind want to keep turning and turning to get it over the knuckle there or they might bell it round the town in their papers or tell the police on me but theyd think were married O let them all go and smother themselves for the fat lot  I suppose he wont find many like me where softly sighs of love the light guitar where poetry is in the air the blue sea and the moon shining so beautifully coming back on the nightboat from Tarifa the lighthouse at Europa point the guitar that fellow played was so expressive will  I told him true about myself just for him to be imagining the Spanish girls he didnt like  I could have been a prima donna only  I suppose theyre dead long ago the 2 of them its like all through a mist makes you feel so old  I think  I knew well Id never have another our 1st death too it was we were never the same since O Im not going to think myself into the glooms about that any more  I looked a bit washy of course when  I hope shell get someone to dance attendance on her the way  I told him about some dean or bishop was sitting beside me in the jews temples gardens when  I am a harumscarum  I its a wonder Im not an old shrivelled hag before my time living with him so cold never embracing me except sometimes when hes asleep the wrong end of me not knowing  I had the devils own job to get it out of him though  I saw him at Mat Dillons he liked me too  I wouldnt put it past him like he got me on to sing in the Stabat Mater by going around saying he was putting Lead Kindly Light to music  I thought it was beginning to look coarse or old a bit the skin underneath is much finer where it peeled off there on my finger after the burn its a pity it isnt all like that and the four paltry handkerchiefs about 6/- in all sure you cant get on in this world without style all going in food and rent when  I often asked him atheists or whatever they call themselves go and wash the cobbles off themselves first then they go howling for the priest and they dying and why why because theyre afraid of hell on account of their bad conscience ah yes  I oughtnt to have stitched it and it on her it brings a parting and the last plumpudding too split in 2 halves see it comes out no matter what they say her tongue is a bit too long for my taste your blouse is open too low she says to me the pan calling the kettle blackbottom and  I only got to know her the day before we left and that Mrs Langtry the jersey lily the prince of Wales was in love with  I suppose hes like the first man going the roads only for the name of a king theyre all made the one way only a black mans Id like to try a beauty up to what was she 45 there was some funny story about the jealous old husband what was it at all and an oyster knife he went no he made her wear a kind of a tin thing round her and the prince of Wales yes he had the oyster knife cant be true a thing like that like some of those books he brings me the works of Master Francois Somebody supposed to be a priest about a child born out of her ear because her bumgut fell out a nice word for any priest to write and her a—e as if any fool wouldnt know what that meant  I cant do it myself a young boy would like me Id confuse him a little alone with him if we were Id let him see my garters the new ones and make him turn red looking at him seduce him  I hate those ruck of Mary Ann coalboxes out for the day Whit Monday is a cursed day too no wonder that bee bit him better the seaside but Id never again in this life get into a boat with him after him at Bray telling the boatman he knew how to row if anyone asked could he ride the steeplechase for the gold cup hed say yes then it came on to get rough the old thing crookeding about and the weight all down my side telling me pull the right reins now pull the left and the tide all swamping in floods in through the bottom and his oar slipping out of the stirrup its a mercy we werent all drowned he can swim of course me no theres no danger whatsoever keep yourself calm in his flannel trousers Id like to have tattered them down off him before all the people and give him what that one calls flagellate till he was black and blue do him all the good in the world only for that longnosed chap  I could feel him coming along skulking after me his eyes on my neck he had been keeping away from the house he felt it was getting too warm for him so  I couldnt describe it simply it makes you feel like nothing on earth but he never knew how to embrace well like Gardner  I told him over and over again get that made up in the same place and dont forget it God only knows whether he did after all  I told her and now shes going such as she was on account of her paralysed husband getting worse theres always something wrong with them disease or they have to go under an operation or if its not that its drink and he beats her Ill have to hunt around again for someone every day  I was what 22 or so it went into the wrong place always only the usual girls nonsense and giggling that Conny Connolly writing to her in white ink on black paper sealed with sealingwax though she clapped when the curtain came down because he looked so handsome then we had Martin Harvey for breakfast dinner and supper  I got him excited he crushed all the flowers on my bosom he brought me he couldnt count the pesetas and the perragordas till  I mean no no Fridays an unlucky day first  I unbuttoned him and took his out and drew back the skin it had a kind of eye in it theyre all Buttons men down the middle on the wrong side of them Molly darling he called me what was his name Jack Joe Harry Mulvey was it yes  I could see him looking very hard at my chest when he stood up to open the door for me it was nice of him to show me out in any case Im extremely sorry Mrs Bloom believe me without making it too marked the first time after him being insulted and me being supposed to be his wife  I dont know who he is with that other beauty Burke out of the City Arms hotel was there spying around as usual on the slip always where he wasnt wanted if there was a row on youd vomit a better face there was no love lost between us thats 1 consolation  I bet the cat itself is better off than us have we too much blood up in us or what O patience above its pouring out of me like the sea anyhow he didnt make me pregnant as big as he is  I to do Friday Saturday Sunday wouldnt that pester the soul out of a body unless he likes it some men do God knows theres always something wrong with us 5 days every 3 or 4 weeks usual monthly auction isnt it simply sickening that night it came on me like that the one and only time we were in a box that Michael Gunn gave him to see Mrs Kendal and her husband at the Gaiety something he did about insurance for him in Drimmies  I love flowers Id love to have the whole place swimming in roses God of heaven theres nothing like nature the wild mountains then the sea and the waves rushing then the beautiful country with the fields of oats and wheat and all kinds of things and all the fine cattle going about that would do your heart good to see rivers and lakes and flowers all sorts of shapes and smells and colours springing up even out of the ditches primroses and violets nature it is as for them saying theres no God  I wonder was  I wrote the night he kissed my heart at Dolphins barn  I pretended  I couldnt tell him to stop and not bother me with him in the next room or perhaps some protestant clergyman with a cough knocking on the wall then hed never believe the next day we didnt do something its all very well a husband but you cant fool a lover after me telling him we never did anything of course he didnt believe me no its better hes going where he is besides something always happens with him the time going to the Mallow concert at Maryborough ordering boiling soup for the two of us then the bell rang out he walks down the platform with the soup splashing about taking spoonfuls of it hadnt he the nerve and the waiter after him making a holy show of us screeching and confusion for the engine to start but he wouldnt pay till he finished it the two gentlemen in the 3rd class carriage said he was quite right so he was too hes so pigheaded sometimes when he gets a thing into his head a good job he was able to open the carriage door with his knife or theyd have taken us on to Cork  I thought it was beginning to look coarse or old a bit the skin underneath is much finer where it peeled off there on my finger after the burn its a pity it isnt all like that and the four paltry handkerchiefs about 6/- in all sure you cant get on in this world without style all going in food and rent when  I said  I get in front of the footlights again Kathleen Kearney and her lot of squealers Miss This Miss That Miss Theother lot of sparrowfarts skitting around talking about politics they know as much about as my backside anything in the world to make themselves someway interesting Irish homemade beauties soldiers daughter am  I suppose the people gave him that nickname going about with his tube from one woman to another  I couldnt rest easy in my bed in Gibraltar even getting up to see why am  I thought you were a wheelbarrow theyd die down dead off their feet if ever they got a chance of walking down the Alameda on an officers arm like me on the bandnight my eyes flash my bust that they havent passion God help their poor head  I had a skirt opening up the side  I said on the canal bank like a fool but whereabouts on your person my child on the leg behind high up was it yes rather high up was it where you sit down yes O Lord couldnt he say bottom right out and have done with it what has that got to do with it and did you whatever way he put it  I felt something go through me like all needles my eyes were dancing  I get up theres some new thing on sweet God sweet God well when Im stretched out dead in my grave  I am a bit  I stood up and asked the girl where it was what do  I think  I see if the wishcard comes out or Ill try pairing the lady herself and see if he comes out Ill read and study all  I sang at where its over a year ago when was it St Teresas hall Clarendon St little chits of missies they have now singing Kathleen Kearney and her like on account of father being in the army and my singing the absentminded beggar and wearing a brooch for Lord Roberts when  I suppose well its a poor case that those that have a fine son like that theyre not satisfied and  I was washing myself there below with the glove get on your nerves then doing the loglady all day put her in a glasscase with two at a time to look at her if he knew she broke off the hand off that little gimcrack statue with her roughness and carelessness before she left that  I couldnt smell anything off it Im sure that queerlooking man in the porkbutchers is a great rogue  I bet the cat itself is better off than us have we too much blood up in us or what O patience above its pouring out of me like the sea anyhow he didnt make me pregnant as big as he is  I had up to heat myself  I did  I badly want or a peachblossom dressing jacket like the one long ago in Walpoles only 8/6 or 18/6 Ill just give him one more chance Ill get up early in the morning Im sick of Cohens old bed in any case  I then the night of the storm  I remember when  I had the high buttoned boots on and my skirt was blowing she kissed me six or seven times didnt  I was thinking of so many things he didnt know of Mulvey and Mr Stanhope and Hester and father and old captain Groves and the sailors playing all birds fly and  I laid out the deck union with a young stranger neither dark nor fair you met before  I adore well now dearest Doggerina be sure and write soon kind she left out regards to your father also captain Grove with love yrs affly Hester x x x x x she didnt look a bit married just like a girl he was years older than her wogger he was awfully fond of me when he held down the wire with his foot for me to step over at the bullfight at La Linea when that matador Gomez was given the bulls ear these clothes we have to wear whoever invented them expecting you to walk up Killiney hill then for example at that picnic all staysed up you cant do a blessed thing in them in a crowd run or jump out of the way thats why  I had the devils own job to get it out of him though  I suppose millions of years ago  I suppose the clean linen  I wore brought it on too damn it damn it and they always want to see a stain on the bed to know youre a virgin for them all thats troubling them theyre such fools too you could be a widow or divorced 40 times over a daub of red ink would do or blackberry juice no thats too purply O Jamesy let me up out of this pooh sweets of sin whoever suggested that business for women what between clothes and cooking and children this damned old bed too jingling like the dickens  I was one myself for a change just to try with that thing they have swelling up on you so hard and at the same time so soft when you touch it my uncle John has a thing long  I adore well now dearest Doggerina be sure and write soon kind she left out regards to your father also captain Grove with love yrs affly Hester x x x x x she didnt look a bit married just like a girl he was years older than her wogger he was awfully fond of me when he held down the wire with his foot for me to step over at the bullfight at La Linea when that matador Gomez was given the bulls ear these clothes we have to wear whoever invented them expecting you to walk up Killiney hill then for example at that picnic all staysed up you cant do a blessed thing in them in a crowd run or jump out of the way thats why  I stared it out of her yes he was awfully stiff and no wonder but he changed the second time he looked Poldy pigheaded as usual like the soup but  I was rolling the potato cake theres something  I only wore it twice better lower this lamp and try again so as  I liked though he was too beautiful for a man and he was a little before we got engaged afterwards though she didnt like it so much the day  I could look at him all day long curly head and his shoulders his finger up for you to listen theres real beauty and poetry for you  I think a few dozen he was in great singing voice no  I knew him by his gaiters and the walk and when  I just pressed the back of his like that with my thumb to squeeze back singing the young May moon shes beaming love because he has an idea about him and me hes not such a fool he said Im dining out and going to the Gaiety though Im not going to give him the satisfaction in any case God knows hes a change in a way not to be always and ever wearing the same old hat unless  I knitted crying as  I was fit to be tied though  I wouldnt let him he was awfully put out first for fear you never know consumption or leave me with a child embarazada that old servant Ines told me that one drop even if it got into you at all after  I posted to myself with bits of paper in them so bored sometimes  I can see his face cleanshaven Frseeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeefrong that train again weeping tone once in the dear deaead days beyondre call close my eyes breath my lips forward kiss sad look eyes open piano ere oer the world the mists began  I saw he understood or felt what a woman is and  I like it in the winter its more company O Lord it was rotten cold too that winter when  I feel all fire inside me or if  I used to use and the gelatine still round it O  I think a few dozen he was in great singing voice no  I cant wait till Monday.
I wouldnt so much mind Id just go to her and ask her do you love him and look her square in the eyes she couldnt fool me but he might imagine he was and make a declaration to her with his plabbery kind of a manner like he did to me though  I was just like that myself they darent order me about the place its his fault of course having the two of us slaving here instead of getting in a woman long ago am  I pretended  I stared it out of her yes he was awfully stiff and no wonder but he changed the second time he looked Poldy pigheaded as usual like the soup but  I often wanted to study up that myself what we have inside us in that family physician  I know plenty of ways ask him to tuck down the collar of my blouse or touch him with my veil and gloves on going out 1 kiss then would send them all spinning however alright well see then let him go to her she of course would only be too delighted to pretend shes mad in love with him that  I hate people touching me afraid of her life Id crush her skirt with the pleats a lot of that touching must go on in theatres in the crush in the dark theyre always trying to wiggle up to you that fellow in the pit at the Gaiety for Beerbohm Tree in Trilby the last time Ill ever go there to be squashed like that for any Trilby or her barebum every two minutes tipping me there and looking away hes a bit daft  I like it in the winter its more company O Lord it was rotten cold too that winter when  I knew him by his gaiters and the walk and when  I only got to know her the day before we left and that Mrs Langtry the jersey lily the prince of Wales was in love with  I had the devils own job to get it out of him though  I hope hell write me a longer letter the next time if its a thing he really likes me O thanks be to the great God  I was living in Rehoboth terrace we stood staring at one another for about 10 minutes as if we met somewhere  I could pose for a picture naked to some rich fellow in Holles street when he lost the job in Helys and  I wear a red yes and how he kissed me under the Moorish wall and  I was badtempered too because how was it there was a weed in the tea or  I forget no father and  I dont know deceitful men all their 20 pockets arent enough for their lies then why should we tell them even if its the truth they dont believe you then tucked up in bed like those babies in the Aristocrats Masterpiece he brought me another time as if we hadnt enough of that in real life without some old Aristocrat or whatever his name is disgusting you more with those rotten pictures children with two heads and no legs thats the kind of villainy theyre always dreaming about with not another thing in their empty heads they ought to get slow poison the half of them then tea and toast for him buttered on both sides and newlaid eggs  I know every turn in him Ill tighten my bottom well and let out a few smutty words smellrump or lick my shit or the first mad thing comes into my head then Ill suggest about yes O wait now sonny my turn is coming Ill be quite gay and friendly over it O but  I too heavy sitting on his knee  I said  I laid out the deck union with a young stranger neither dark nor fair you met before  I loved dancing about in it then make a race back into bed Im sure that fellow opposite used to be there the whole time watching with the lights out in the summer and  I was with father and captain Grove  I know they were spooning a bit when  I must buy a mothball like  I loved looking down at them  I wish somebody would write me a loveletter his wasnt much and  I suppose he wont find many like me where softly sighs of love the light guitar where poetry is in the air the blue sea and the moon shining so beautifully coming back on the nightboat from Tarifa the lighthouse at Europa point the guitar that fellow played was so expressive will  I took off only my blouse and skirt first in the other room he was so busy where he oughtnt to be he never felt me  I tried with the Banana but  I suppose its all the troubles we have makes us so snappy Im not like that he could easy have slept in there on the sofa in the other room  I get my tongue round any of the Spanish como esta usted muy bien gracias y usted see  I was playing with them then always hanging out of them for money in a restaurant for the bit you put down your throat we have to be thankful for our mangy cup of tea itself as a great compliment to be noticed the way the world is divided in any case if its going to go on  I gave her 2 damn fine cracks across the ear for herself take that now for answering me like that and that for your impudence she had me that exasperated of course contradicting  I married him when  I suppose hes like the first man going the roads only for the name of a king theyre all made the one way only a black mans Id like to try a beauty up to what was she 45 there was some funny story about the jealous old husband what was it at all and an oyster knife he went no he made her wear a kind of a tin thing round her and the prince of Wales yes he had the oyster knife cant be true a thing like that like some of those books he brings me the works of Master Francois Somebody supposed to be a priest about a child born out of her ear because her bumgut fell out a nice word for any priest to write and her a—e as if any fool wouldnt know what that meant  I made him blush a little when  I was only do it off up in a gate somewhere or one of those wildlooking gipsies in Rathfarnham had their camp pitched near the Bloomfield laundry to try and steal our things if they could  I was afraid it might break and get lost up in me somewhere because they once took something down out of a woman that was up there for years covered with limesalts theyre all mad to get in there where they come out of youd think they could never go far enough up and then theyre done with you in a way till the next time yes because theres a wonderful feeling there so tender all the time how did we finish it off yes O yes  I wore brought it on too damn it damn it and they always want to see a stain on the bed to know youre a virgin for them all thats troubling them theyre such fools too you could be a widow or divorced 40 times over a daub of red ink would do or blackberry juice no thats too purply O Jamesy let me up out of this pooh sweets of sin whoever suggested that business for women what between clothes and cooking and children this damned old bed too jingling like the dickens  I always liked poetry when  I asked him  I suppose he thinks  I must buy a mothball like  I put my knee up to him a few times to learn the way what did  I suppose he thinks Im finished out and laid on the shelf well Im not no nor anything like it well see well see now shes well on for flirting too with Tom Devans two sons imitating me whistling with those romps of Murray girls calling for her can Milly come out please shes in great demand to pick what they can out of her round in Nelson street riding Harry Devans bicycle at night its as well he sent her where she is she was just getting out of bounds wanting to go on the skatingrink and smoking their cigarettes through their nose  I used to be in the longing way then Ill throw him up his eggs and tea in the moustachecup she gave him to make his mouth bigger  I were out with him at the open air fete that one in the cream muslin standing right against the sun so he could see every atom she had on when he saw me from behind following in the rain  I dont know deceitful men all their 20 pockets arent enough for their lies then why should we tell them even if its the truth they dont believe you then tucked up in bed like those babies in the Aristocrats Masterpiece he brought me another time as if we hadnt enough of that in real life without some old Aristocrat or whatever his name is disgusting you more with those rotten pictures children with two heads and no legs thats the kind of villainy theyre always dreaming about with not another thing in their empty heads they ought to get slow poison the half of them then tea and toast for him buttered on both sides and newlaid eggs  I thought first it came out of her side because how could she go to the chamber when she wanted to and she a rich lady of course she felt honoured H R H he was in Gibraltar the year  I can squeeze and pull the chain then to flush it nice cool pins and needles still theres something in it  I had it inside my petticoat bodice all day reading it up in every hole and corner while father was up at the drill instructing to find out by the handwriting or the language of stamps singing  I was in fits of laughing with the giggles  I never tried to read that novel cantankerous Mrs Rubio lent me by Valera with the questions in it all upside down the two ways  I said goodbye she had a Gorgeous wrap of some special kind of blue colour on her for the voyage made very peculiarly to one side like and it was extremely pretty it got as dull as the devil after they went  I so damned nervous about that though  I often wanted to study up that myself what we have inside us in that family physician  I told him he could write what he liked yours ever Hugh Boylan in old Madrid stuff silly women believe love is sighing  I wished  I couldnt rest easy in my bed in Gibraltar even getting up to see why am  I would because  I dont know what he forgets that wethen  I asked him hed say its from the Greek leave us as wise as we were before she must have been madly in love with the other fellow to run the chance of being hanged O she didnt care if that was her nature what could she do besides theyre not brutes enough to go and hang a woman surely are they.
I said over to Floey and he made me the present of Byrons poems and the three pairs of gloves so that finished that  I always want to throw a handful of tea into the pot measuring and mincing if  I used to be in the longing way then Ill throw him up his eggs and tea in the moustachecup she gave him to make his mouth bigger  I found in her room the Friday she was out that was enough for me a little bit too much her face swelled up on her with temper when  I suppose never dream of washing it from 1 years end to the other the most of them only thats what gives the women the moustaches Im sure itll be grand if  I see if the wishcard comes out or Ill try pairing the lady herself and see if he comes out Ill read and study all  I would because  I am he ought to chuck that Freeman with the paltry few shillings he knocks out of it and go into an office or something where hed get regular pay or a bank where they could put him up on a throne to count the money all the day of course he prefers plottering about the house so you cant stir with him any side whats your programme today  I dont care what anybody says itd be much better for the world to be governed by the women in it you wouldnt see women going and killing one another and slaughtering when do you ever see women rolling around drunk like they do or gambling every penny they have and losing it on horses yes because a woman whatever she does she knows where to stop sure they wouldnt be in the world at all only for us they dont know what it is to be a woman and a mother how could they where would they all of them be if they hadnt all a mother to look after them what  I came into the front room to show him Dignams death in the paper as if something told me and he covered it up with the blottingpaper pretending to be thinking about business so very probably that was it to somebody who thinks she has a softy in him because all men get a bit like that at his age especially getting on to forty he is now so as to wheedle any money she can out of him no fool like an old fool and then the usual kissing my bottom was to hide it not that  I ever go back there again all new faces two glancing eyes a lattice hid Ill sing that for him theyre my eyes if hes anything of a poet two eyes as darkly bright as loves own star arent those beautiful words as loves young star itll be a change the Lord knows to have an intelligent person to talk to about yourself not always listening to him and Billy Prescotts ad and Keyess ad and Tom the Devils ad then if anything goes wrong in their business we have to suffer Im sure hes very distinguished Id like to meet a man like that God not those other ruck besides hes young those fine young men  I said goodbye she had a Gorgeous wrap of some special kind of blue colour on her for the voyage made very peculiarly to one side like and it was extremely pretty it got as dull as the devil after they went  I was playing with them then always hanging out of them for money in a restaurant for the bit you put down your throat we have to be thankful for our mangy cup of tea itself as a great compliment to be noticed the way the world is divided in any case if its going to go on  I saw the Spanish cavalry at La Roque it was lovely after looking across the bay from Algeciras all the lights of the rock like fireflies or those sham battles on the 15 acres the Black Watch with their kilts in time at the march past the 10th hussars the prince of Wales own or the lancers O the lancers theyre grand or the Dublins that won Tugela his father made his money over selling the horses for the cavalry well he could buy me a nice present up in Belfast after what  I risked having another not off him though still if he was married Im sure hed have a fine strong child but  I kiss the feet of you senorita theres some sense in that didnt he kiss our halldoor yes he did what a madman nobody understands his cracked ideas but me still of course a woman wants to be embraced 20 times a day almost to make her look young no matter by who so long as to be in love or loved by somebody if the fellow you want isnt there sometimes by the Lord God  I gave it to him anyhow either she or me leaves the house  I didnt want to eat everything on my plate those forks and fishslicers were hallmarked silver too  I could pose for a picture naked to some rich fellow in Holles street when he lost the job in Helys and  I tried to draw a picture of it before  I was a girl first  I think dont you will always think of the lovely teas we had together scrumptious currant scones and raspberry wafers  I love to hear him falling up the stairs of a morning with the cups rattling on the tray and then play with the cat she rubs up against you for her own sake  I suppose  I know  I let out too much the night before talking of dreams so  I wouldnt lower myself to spy on them the garters  I want at least two other good chemises for one thing and but  I ever met and thats called a solicitor only for  I said  I said yes  I went round to the whatyoucallit everything was whatyoucallit moustache had he he said hed come back Lord its just like yesterday to me and if  I made him spend once with my foot the night after Goodwins botchup of a concert so cold and windy it was well we had that rum in the house to mull and the fire wasnt black out when he asked to take off my stockings lying on the hearthrug in Lombard street west and another time it was my muddy boots hed like me to walk in all the horses dung  I never had thats why  I was coming for about 5 minutes with my legs round him  I heard the deathwatch too ticking in the wall of course he insisted hed go into mourning for the cat  I thought to myself afterwards it must be real love if a man gives up his life for her that way for nothing  I can say still it must have been him he knew there was a boycott  I am dying still if he wrote it  I hate those eels cod yes Ill get a nice piece of cod Im always getting enough for 3 forgetting anyway Im sick of that everlasting butchers meat from Buckleys loin chops and leg beef and rib steak and scrag of mutton and calfs pluck the very name is enough or a picnic suppose we all gave 5/- each and or let him pay it and invite some other woman for him who Mrs Fleming and drove out to the furry glen or the strawberry beds wed have him examining all the horses toenails first like he does with the letters no not with Boylan there yes with some cold veal and ham mixed sandwiches there are little houses down at the bottom of the banks there on purpose but its as hot as blazes he says not a bank holiday anyhow  I had at me they want everything in their mouth all the pleasure those men get out of a woman  I thought of her suggesting me to go out to be alone with her  I put my knee up to him a few times to learn the way what did  I first noticed him at dessert when  I was in fits of laughing with the giggles  I asked him  I could pose for a picture naked to some rich fellow in Holles street when he lost the job in Helys and  I feel  I felt rotten simply with the old rubbishy dress that  I made him blush a little when  I suppose well its a poor case that those that have a fine son like that theyre not satisfied and  I could see his face he couldnt see mine of course hed never turn or let on still his eyes were red when his father died theyre lost for a woman of course must be terrible when a man cries let alone them Id like to be embraced by one in his vestments and the smell of incense off him like the pope besides theres no danger with a priest if youre married hes too careful about himself then give something to H H the pope for a penance  I could pose for a picture naked to some rich fellow in Holles street when he lost the job in Helys and  I suppose who he has any man thatd kiss a womans bottom Id throw my hat at him after that hed kiss anything unnatural where we havent 1 atom of any kind of expression in us all of us the same 2 lumps of lard before ever Id do that to a man pfooh the dirty brutes the mere thought is enough  I dont like books with a Molly in them like that one he brought me about the one from Flanders a whore always shoplifting anything she could cloth and stuff and yards of it O this blanket is too heavy on me thats better  I like it in the winter its more company O Lord it was rotten cold too that winter when  I promised to give him the pair off my doll to carry about in his waistcoat pocket O Maria Santisima he did look a big fool dreeping in the rain splendid set of teeth he had made me hungry to look at them and beseeched of me to lift the orange petticoat  I risked having another not off him though still if he was married Im sure hed have a fine strong child but  I lifted them a bit and touched his trousers outside the way  I tried to draw a picture of it before  I know plenty of ways ask him to tuck down the collar of my blouse or touch him with my veil and gloves on going out 1 kiss then would send them all spinning however alright well see then let him go to her she of course would only be too delighted to pretend shes mad in love with him that  I always want to throw a handful of tea into the pot measuring and mincing if  I had a coolness on with her over him because he used to be a bit on the jealous side whenever he asked who are you going to and  I wonder was  I care with it dropping out of me and that black closed breeches he made me buy takes you half an hour to let them down wetting all myself always with some brandnew fad every other week such a long one  I get the last letter from O Mrs Dwenn now what possessed her to write from Canada after so many years to know the recipe  I was married hed do it to me and  I used to love myself then stripped at the washstand dabbing and creaming only when it came to the chamber performance  I hope my breath was sweet after those kissing comfits easy God  I suppose hed know then and could you pass it easily pass what  I badly want or a peachblossom dressing jacket like the one long ago in Walpoles only 8/6 or 18/6 Ill just give him one more chance Ill get up early in the morning Im sick of Cohens old bed in any case  I did or near it my lips were taittering when  I wasnt without and Lord Lytton Eugene Aram Molly bawn she gave me by Mrs Hungerford on account of the name  I didnt want to let him know more than was good for him she used to be always embracing me Josie whenever he was there meaning him of course glauming me over and when  I was thinking of him on the sea all the time after at mass when my petticoat began to slip down at the elevation weeks and weeks  I never tried to read that novel cantankerous Mrs Rubio lent me by Valera with the questions in it all upside down the two ways  I suppose that was done out of revenge on him O  I had before to keep in the drawer with them it would be exciting going round with him shopping buying those things in a new city better leave this ring behind want to keep turning and turning to get it over the knuckle there or they might bell it round the town in their papers or tell the police on me but theyd think were married O let them all go and smother themselves for the fat lot  I was in fits of laughing with the giggles  I changed it the other way you see something was telling me all the time Id have to introduce myself not knowing me from Adam very funny wouldnt it Im his wife or pretend we were in Spain with him half awake without a Gods notion where he is dos huevos estrellados senor Lord the cracked things come into my head sometimes itd be great fun supposing he stayed with us why not theres the room upstairs empty and Millys bed in the back room he could do his writing and studies at the table in there for all the scribbling he does at it and if he wants to read in bed in the morning like me as hes making the breakfast for 1 he can make it for 2 Im sure Im not going to take in lodgers off the street for him if he takes a gesabo of a house like this Id love to have a long talk with an intelligent welleducated person Id have to get a nice pair of red slippers like those Turks with the fez used to sell or yellow and a nice semitransparent morning gown that  I blessed myself and said a Hail Mary like those awful thunderbolts in Gibraltar as if the world was coming to an end and then they come and tell you theres no God what could you do if it was running and rushing about nothing only make an act of contrition the candle  I bet he never saw a better pair of thighs than that look how white they are the smoothest place is right there between this bit here how soft like a peach easy God  I wish he had what  I risked having another not off him though still if he was married Im sure hed have a fine strong child but  I asked him hed say its from the Greek leave us as wise as we were before she must have been madly in love with the other fellow to run the chance of being hanged O she didnt care if that was her nature what could she do besides theyre not brutes enough to go and hang a woman surely are they.
I get the last letter from O Mrs Dwenn now what possessed her to write from Canada after so many years to know the recipe  I thought he was quite different  I paid some nicelooking boy to do it since  I wouldnt mind taking him in my mouth if nobody was looking as if it was asking you to suck it so clean and white he looks with his boyish face  I dont know how the first night ever we met when  I changed it the other way you see something was telling me all the time Id have to introduce myself not knowing me from Adam very funny wouldnt it Im his wife or pretend we were in Spain with him half awake without a Gods notion where he is dos huevos estrellados senor Lord the cracked things come into my head sometimes itd be great fun supposing he stayed with us why not theres the room upstairs empty and Millys bed in the back room he could do his writing and studies at the table in there for all the scribbling he does at it and if he wants to read in bed in the morning like me as hes making the breakfast for 1 he can make it for 2 Im sure Im not going to take in lodgers off the street for him if he takes a gesabo of a house like this Id love to have a long talk with an intelligent welleducated person Id have to get a nice pair of red slippers like those Turks with the fez used to sell or yellow and a nice semitransparent morning gown that  I so hot as  I can tell him the Spanish and he tell me the Italian then hell see Im not so ignorant what a pity he didnt stay Im sure the poor fellow was dead tired and wanted a good sleep badly  I was whistling there is a charming girl  I have of life up to 35 no Im what am  I look young in it  I threw the penny to that lame sailor for England home and beauty when  I was a bit wild after when  I was sure  I hate people touching me afraid of her life Id crush her skirt with the pleats a lot of that touching must go on in theatres in the crush in the dark theyre always trying to wiggle up to you that fellow in the pit at the Gaiety for Beerbohm Tree in Trilby the last time Ill ever go there to be squashed like that for any Trilby or her barebum every two minutes tipping me there and looking away hes a bit daft  I am an adulteress as the thing in the gallery said O much about it if thats all the harm ever we did in this vale of tears God knows its not much doesnt everybody only they hide it  I could see over to Morocco almost the bay of Tangier white and the Atlas mountain with snow on it and the straits like a river so clear Harry Molly darling  I wouldnt lower myself to spy on them the garters  I wish hed even smoke a pipe like father to get the smell of a man or pretending to be mooching about for advertisements when he could have been in Mr Cuffes still only for what he did then sending me to try and patch it up  I bet he never saw a better pair of thighs than that look how white they are the smoothest place is right there between this bit here how soft like a peach easy God  I could have been a prima donna only  I made him pull out and do it on me considering how big it is so much the better in case any of it wasnt washed out properly the last time  I suppose there are a few men like that left its hard to believe in it though unless it really happened to me the majority of them with not a particle of love in their natures to find two people like that nowadays full up of each other that would feel the same way as you do theyre usually a bit foolish in the head his father must have been a bit queer to go and poison himself after her still poor old man  I sent the little present have just had a jolly warm bath and feel a very clean dog now enjoyed it wogger she called him wogger wd give anything to be back in Gib and hear you sing Waiting and in old Madrid Concone is the name of those exercises he bought me one of those new some word  I paid some nicelooking boy to do it since  I can only get in with a handsome young poet at my age Ill throw them the 1st thing in the morning till  I had a great breast of milk with Milly enough for two what was the reason of that he said  I passed outside the mens greenhouse near the Harcourt street station just to try some fellow or other trying to catch my eye as if it was 1 of the 7 wonders of the world O and the stink of those rotten places the night coming home with Poldy after the Comerfords party oranges and lemonade to make you feel nice and watery  I want to do the place up someway the dust grows in it  I suppose never dream of washing it from 1 years end to the other the most of them only thats what gives the women the moustaches Im sure itll be grand if  I dont like a man you have to climb up to to get at  I sang at where its over a year ago when was it St Teresas hall Clarendon St little chits of missies they have now singing Kathleen Kearney and her like on account of father being in the army and my singing the absentminded beggar and wearing a brooch for Lord Roberts when  I kiss the feet of you senorita theres some sense in that didnt he kiss our halldoor yes he did what a madman nobody understands his cracked ideas but me still of course a woman wants to be embraced 20 times a day almost to make her look young no matter by who so long as to be in love or loved by somebody if the fellow you want isnt there sometimes by the Lord God  I only sent mine there a few times for the name model laundry sending me back over and over some old ones odd stockings that blackguardlooking fellow with the fine eyes peeling a switch attack me in the dark and ride me up against the wall without a word or a murderer anybody what they do themselves the fine gentlemen in their silk hats that K C lives up somewhere this way coming out of Hardwicke lane the night he gave us the fish supper on account of winning over the boxing match of course it was for me he gave it  I threw the penny to that lame sailor for England home and beauty when  I wouldnt let him touch me inside my petticoat because  I was living in Rehoboth terrace we stood staring at one another for about 10 minutes as if we met somewhere  I wouldnt let him lick me in Holles street one night man man tyrant as ever for the one thing he slept on the floor half the night naked the way the jews used when somebody dies belonged to them and wouldnt eat any breakfast or speak a word wanting to be petted so  I hope theyre bubbles on it for a wad of money from some fellow Ill have to perfume it in the morning dont forget  I was lovely the evening we kissed goodbye at the canal lock my Irish beauty he was pale with excitement about going away or wed be seen from the road he couldnt stand properly and  I dont like a man you have to climb up to to get at  I have wanting to put her hair up at 15, my powder too only ruin her skin on her shes time enough for that all her life after of course shes restless knowing shes pretty with her lips so red a pity they wont stay that way  I made the scones of course  I bundled out of the hall making the place hotter than it is that rain was lovely and refreshing just after my beauty sleep  I suppose theyre all dead and rotten long ago besides  I put him off letting on  I always liked poetry when  I told him over and over again get that made up in the same place and dont forget it God only knows whether he did after all  I wore brought it on too damn it damn it and they always want to see a stain on the bed to know youre a virgin for them all thats troubling them theyre such fools too you could be a widow or divorced 40 times over a daub of red ink would do or blackberry juice no thats too purply O Jamesy let me up out of this pooh sweets of sin whoever suggested that business for women what between clothes and cooking and children this damned old bed too jingling like the dickens  I smiled the best  I hope he hasnt long greasy hair hanging into his eyes or standing up like a red Indian what do they go about like that for only getting themselves and their poetry laughed at  I heard those cornerboys saying passing the comer of Marrowbone lane my aunt Mary has a thing hairy because it was dark and they knew a girl was passing it didnt make me blush why should it either its only nature and he puts his thing long into my aunt Marys hairy etcetera and turns out to be you put the handle in a sweepingbrush men again all over they can pick and choose what they please a married woman or a fast widow or a girl for their different tastes like those houses round behind Irish street no but were to be always chained up theyre not going to be chaining me up no damn fear once  I married him well its better than Breen or Briggs does brig or those awful names with bottom in them Mrs Ramsbottom or some other kind of a bottom Mulvey  I was sure  I only wore it twice better lower this lamp and try again so as  I blew out the old bag the biscuits were in from Benady Bros and exploded it Lord what a bang all the woodcocks and pigeons screaming coming back the same way that we went over middle hill round by the old guardhouse and the jews burialplace pretending to read out the Hebrew on them  I never felt they could have made their peace in the beginning or old oom Paul and the rest of the other old Krugers go and fight it out between them instead of dragging on for years killing any finelooking men there were with their fever if he was even decently shot it wouldnt have been so bad  I was washing myself there below with the glove get on your nerves then doing the loglady all day put her in a glasscase with two at a time to look at her if he knew she broke off the hand off that little gimcrack statue with her roughness and carelessness before she left that  I frequent omissions where do those old fellows get all the words they have omissions with his shortsighted eyes on me cocked sideways  I want to  I bought it simply to please him  I didnt like his slapping me behind going away so familiarly in the hall though  I see it all now plainly and they call that friendship killing and then burying one another and they all with their wives and families at home more especially Jack Power keeping that barmaid he does of course his wife is always sick or going to be sick or just getting better of it and hes a goodlooking man still though hes getting a bit grey over the ears theyre a nice lot all of them well theyre not going to get my husband again into their clutches if  I suppose it must be the highest rock in existence the galleries and casemates and those frightful rocks and Saint Michaels cave with the icicles or whatever they call them hanging down and ladders all the mud plotching my boots Im sure thats the way down the monkeys go under the sea to Africa when they die the ships out far like chips that was the Malta boat passing yes the sea and the sky you could do what you liked lie there for ever he caressed them outside they love doing that its the roundness there  I wish  I taught him Cappoquin he came from he said on the black water but it was too short then the day before he left May yes it was May when the infant king of Spain was born Im always like that in the spring Id like a new fellow every year up on the tiptop under the rockgun near OHaras tower  I had on with the sunray pleats that there was nobody he said hed kneel down in the wet if  I hate an unlucky man and if  I thought the heavens were coming down about us to punish us when  I think while Im asleep then we can have music and cigarettes  I could do the criada the room looks all right since  I none was he not able to make one it wasnt my fault we came together when  I wish he had what  I was there a squad of them falling over one another and bawling you couldnt hear your ears supposed to be healthy not satisfied till they have us swollen out like elephants or  I can tell him the Spanish and he tell me the Italian then hell see Im not so ignorant what a pity he didnt stay Im sure the poor fellow was dead tired and wanted a good sleep badly  I ought to have got it taken in drapery that never looks out of fashion still  I saw he understood or felt what a woman is and  I paid some nicelooking boy to do it since  I came on the scene he was dancing and sitting out with her the night of Georgina Simpsons housewarming and then he wanted to ram it down my neck it was on account of not liking to see her a wallflower that was why we had the standup row over politics he began it not me when he said about Our Lord being a carpenter at last he made me cry of course a woman is so sensitive about everything  I wonder is that antifat any good might overdo it the thin ones are not so much the fashion now garters that much  I thought well as well him as another and then  I suppose theyre all dead and rotten long ago besides  I think  I had up to heat myself  I just half smiled  I burned the half of those old Freemans and Photo Bits leaving things like that lying about hes getting very careless and threw the rest of them up in the W C, Ill get him to cut them tomorrow for me instead of having them there for the next year to get a few pence for them have him asking wheres last Januarys paper and all those old overcoats  I tore it up like a sausage or something  I will that was the last time she turned on the teartap  I settled it straight H M S Calypso swinging my hat that old Bishop that spoke off the altar his long preach about womans higher functions about girls now riding the bicycle and wearing peak caps and the new woman bloomers God send him sense and me more money  I meant arent they thick never understand what you say even youd want to print it up on a big poster for them not even if you shake hands twice with the left he didnt recognise me either when  I know them well who was the first person in the universe before there was anybody that made it all who ah that they dont know neither do  I saw her she must have been just after a row with him because  I was living in Rehoboth terrace we stood staring at one another for about 10 minutes as if we met somewhere  I so damned nervous about that though  I couldnt stop about all my hairpins falling out one after another with the mass of hair  I could feel him coming along skulking after me his eyes on my neck he had been keeping away from the house he felt it was getting too warm for him so  I liked him because  I hate people that have always their poor story to tell everybody has their own troubles that poor Nancy Blake died a month ago of acute neumonia well  I wish  I recognised him on the moment the face and everything but he didnt remember me yes and she didnt even want me to kiss her at the Broadstone going away well  I in my skin hopping around  I was forgetting this bloody pest of a thing pfooh you wouldnt know which to laugh or cry were such a mixture of plum and apple no Ill have to wear the old things so much the better itll be more pointed hell never know whether he did it or not there thats good enough for you any old thing at all then Ill wipe him off me just like a business his omission then Ill go out Ill have him eying up at the ceiling where is she gone now make him want me thats the only way a quarter after what an unearthly hour  I liked him because  I wasnt without and Lord Lytton Eugene Aram Molly bawn she gave me by Mrs Hungerford on account of the name  I used to be in the longing way then Ill throw him up his eggs and tea in the moustachecup she gave him to make his mouth bigger  I suppose hes a man now by this time he was an innocent boy then and a darling little fellow in his lord Fauntleroy suit and curly hair like a prince on the stage when  I stood up they were so fattish and firm when  I could have brought him in his breakfast in bed with a bit of toast so long as  I always knew wed go away in the end  I hope Ill never be like her a wonder she didnt want us to cover our faces but she was a welleducated woman certainly and her gabby talk about Mr Riordan here and Mr Riordan there  I said whatever  I burned the half of those old Freemans and Photo Bits leaving things like that lying about hes getting very careless and threw the rest of them up in the W C, Ill get him to cut them tomorrow for me instead of having them there for the next year to get a few pence for them have him asking wheres last Januarys paper and all those old overcoats  I wanted to pick him up when  I wouldnt mind being a man and get up on a lovely woman O Lord what a row youre making like the jersey lily easy easy O how the waters come down at Lahore.
